GREAT!!! AFTER 38 YEARS OF CONCERN THE US FDA FINALLY BANS TRICLOSAN IN HAND SOAP AND BODY WASH.  "Since 1978 concern has grown for the use of these chemicals in a daily household setting, after studies found Triclosan in the urine and breast milk of about 75 percent of individuals. More studies have linked Triclosan to bacterial resistance and hormonal changes, and have even showed that the presence of Triclosan can remain in the environment for an excessive amount of time."
Stephen Hawking Warns Humanity: Leave Earth Before the Ruling Class Destroys It!  "Hawking’s numerous warnings are aimed directly at the careless hubris of the ruling elites and their tendency to act in favor of profit — in a variety of fields — without consideration given to long-term consequences resulting from such hastily implemented projects."
"BEFORE THE FLOOD" A MUST-SEE documentary about Climate Change.   "From Oct. 30 through Nov. 6, you can watch it on just about any website or device where you regularly stream online videos. The exhaustive list includes: Natgeotv.com, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Amazon, iTunes, Hulu, Sony PlayStation, GooglePlay, VOD/Video On Demand (through MVPD set-top boxes), MVPD Sites and Apps, Nat Geo TV Apps (iPhone, iPad and Apple TV, Roku, Android phones, Xbox One and 360, Samsung Connected TVs) and more."
"Produkter som solceller og vindmøller er måske ikke så bæredygtige endda, fordi produktionen og bortskaffelsen af materialerne skader miljøet. Et nyt ph.d.-projekt efterlyser en klarere definition af begrebet 'bæredygtighed'."
in prior years, the forced labor system is organized through a clear chain of command from the top of the government to regional governors and down to administrators of public institutions.  The government forces teachers, doctors and other public-sector workers to pick cotton under threat of dismissal. Local government administrations have to meet the production quota requirements. It is at this level where the pressure is brought to bear as regional governors need to demonstrate compliance with the central government’s demands.
Tea time! ☺
Wow!
Beautiful work! 💖
Beautiful handicraft.  ☺
"Never underestimate the intelligence and initiative of our youngest citizens. Last week, a group of 21 young people, aged 9 to 20 years, won the right to sue the US government for its inaction in mitigating climate change,"
Rappe fødder! ☺ ☺ ☺
"Drop kreditkortet! Tag en dag fri fra forbrugsræset og reflekter over de økonomiske, miljømæssige og sociale konsekvenser af dit forbrug. Buy Nothing Day er den perfekte modgift til Black Friday's. hæmningsløse overforbrug.  Deltag ved ikke at gøre noget!  I 2016 markeres Buy Nothing Dag i mere end 60 lande den 25/26 november."
Sljorte af økologisk bomuld med certificeret økologisk batikfarve. Kun på bestilling. Andre farver/ motiver/str. Pris 145 kr.
Økologisk bomuld med økologisk certificeret batikfarve. Bredde 145 cm  Længde 150 cm Pris 105,- kr.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Bon appétit! ☺
HE WHO CONTROLS OUR FOOD WILL CONTROL OUR WAY OF THINKING  "Dr Krishan Bir Chaudhary, president of Bharat Krishak Samaj, India’s largest farmer organisation, and Ali Tapsoba de Goamma, from Burkina Faso, founding member of TERRE A VIE and Coordinator of the International GMO Resistance Meetings  (RIR-OGM) share the experience of the effect of BT Cotton cultivation in their respectiBve countries."   Ali Tapsoba de Goamma: "The message we’d like to share with the world is that Burkina Faso is a concrete example of the failure of GMOs. We cannot imagine that today, after what they have seen in Burkina Faso, a country would still dare to engage in GMOs. What we would like to say is that there are still multinationals that want to control our food. We tell you, he who fights against the seed, controls production, he who controls production will control our food, and he who controls our food, will control our way of thinking. To govern our way of thinking is a global governance that will bring us to slavery. To conclude, we say to all of the countries of the world – of America, of Europe, of Asia and of Africa – to unite, together, to stop them from governing our seed and governing our way of thinking. When it comes to Africa, we are in the process of putting together an African Front for Sovereignty of Food and the People of Burkina Faso because henceforth, we will not let Monsanto manipulate the governments of our countries. We will join our struggles: if something happens in one Africain country, all the other African countries will stand up against it. This is what we will put into place as a key tool in the fight the next few days with the African Front, with the ultimate aim of achieving Food Sovereignty. We will establish a relationship with India, with other European countries to share our experiences, and you can be certain: there is no question of letting agriculture be governed in our world.”
How is this even possible? Absolutely amazing! ☺
☺☺☺
More turkey. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154124526802217&id=228735667216
Sweet old lady. ☺
Cheaper (and better) than a nursing home. ☺
African Wax Print Shoes made in Dakar.
Faster than lightning! ☺
Located just 50 kilometers from Rabat, the village of Brachoua came out of poverty in two years. The key: Permaculture, on the initiative of the sixty families of the village.  Three years ago Brachoua had neither running water nor electricity. Today, the village has two fountains and has registered its name as a destination for hikers and trekkers, curious about the beauty of the place and eager to see the impact of permaculture on the village
Amazing!  ☺
http://vedvarende-energi.dk/
Ireland is called The Green Island because of its stunning and overwhelming greenery. Now it is well on its way to be known as Green in more than one sense. Green Energy in the form of Community Power is a small, but growing industry. There are only a handful of community owned energy projects in operation at present, however support is mounting and change is afoot. Wind Power and Bioenergy projects dominate the market at present.
Community Power and Renewable Energy Storage in Denmark and in the EU Renewable Energy Needs Storage! Conference: 12 December 2016 Nordic Folkecenter for Renewable Energi  Renewable energies are the best solution for the future, but they have a problem in continuity: due to their nature, they tend to fluctuate, meaning that storage systems are vital for the renewable energy transition. This conference will analyse both the different solutions available on the market and the future ones. International experts will present their findings and discuss which solution will be the best for the society.  https://www.facebook.com/events/580722238782135/?ti=cl
The CONFERENCE is open to everyone who has an interest in renewable energies. The REGISTRATION fee is 100 DKK (for covering the meals) and the deadline for registering is DECEMBER 9.  Furthermore, on the 13th of December there will be the possibility of joining a study tour, which will bring you inside a working wind turbine.  More information can be found on
❤
Listen to the children. :-)
"A transformation is happening in global energy markets that’s worth noting as 2016 comes to an end: Solar power, for the first time, is becoming the cheapest form of new electricity.   This has happened in isolated projects in the past: an especially competitive auction in the Middle East, for example, resulting in record-cheap solar costs. But now unsubsidized solar is beginning to outcompete coal and natural gas on a larger scale, and notably, new solar projects in emerging markets are costing less to build than wind projects, according to fresh data from Bloomberg New Energy Finance."
Amazing! :-)
"Las Vegas ― now the largest U.S. city to rely solely on renewable energy ― is helping pave the way for other cities eager to transition to carbon-free energy, despite an incoming presidential administration with a record of pushing back on progressive environmental policies."
"Wind energy has reached new heights in Denmark with the inauguration of two new wind turbines, which are able to produce electricity for more than 18.000 Danish households. With a height of 200 meters, wingspan of 164 meters together with an 8MW production capacity, the wind turbines are now the largest in the world.  The wind turbines produce so much power that 300 of them would be enough to supply all households in Denmark. The main investor European Energy sees this as a big step for wind energy."
Why don't we learn from history?
White Christmas?  Snow in Sahara - No snow in Danmark!  Who said Climate Change?
BRILIANT CAMPAIGN VIDEO! ☺ ☺ ☺   "A small rural valley in East Uganda is learning from the start-up world how to get funding for their projects. Through pitching their business ideas such as Chicken, the 3D Egg Printer and Chair, the human charging station, the entrepreneurs of Bulambuli Valley are sending a message to the world: don’t just back Silicon Valley, #backourvalley too.   There are dozens of projects under way in Bulambuli: from pig-rearing to banana growing, clothes tailoring to basket-making. They may not be the technological innovations we so often see filling the pages of Indiegogo. But just like other entrepreneurs, the people of Bulambuli need your support to make their ideas a reality. If you back our campaign, we can provide the entrepreneurs of Bulambuli with the skills, training and support they need to develop successful businesses and build thriving communities.   For more information about the campaign visit our Indiegogo page https://www.indiegogo.com/proj.... You can find more information about who we are and what we do on our website here http://communitiesfordevelopme..."
"Don't you know it's Christmas at all?  LOL! ☺ ☺ ☺
Yes,  why not?
Cute! ☺
CLIMATE CHANGE "2016 looks to be the warmest year since World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) began making annual registrations in the 1880s. Meanwhile, extreme weather phenomena such as heat waves, hurricanes and floods have been more frequent and more violent than before.  What does this mean for farmers around the world?  Read more about UNDP's work on climate change: http://www.undp.org/content/undp/en/home/ourwork/climate-and-disaster-resilience/climate-change.html   #UNDP  |  #ClimateChange  |  World Meteorological Organization
Grow your own mushrooms.
GOOD NEWS! ☺  "The figures are impressive. According to the UK Economist, it is estimated that off-grid solar can now be found in 600,000 households in Africa."
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2016/12/01/trump-could-face-the-biggest-trial-of-the-century-over-climate-change/
DON'T UNDERESTIMATE CHILDREN AND YOUNG PEOPLE!  ❤❤❤  "The case, brought by 21 youths aged 9 to 20, claims that the federal government isn’t doing enough to address the problem of climate change to protect their planet’s future — and that, they charge, is a violation of their constitutional rights on the most basic level. The case has already received widespread attention, even garnering the support of well-known climate scientist James Hansen, who has also joined as a plaintiff on behalf of his granddaughter and as a guardian for “future generations.”  Click the link below and watch the video in the article with the young people's claim.
@[577455116:2048:Sheila Morgo Monne]
Godt nytår!  Happy New Year! Bonne année!
Vild med dans! ☺
"The speed in which this trait was expressed in the urban-dwelling plants surprised the researchers.  Professor Alberti said the changes that were observed in more than 1,600 studies were having an impact on evolution and that human activity, in the form of urbanisation, would have a lasting legacy on life on Earth.  These findings add weight to the idea that the planet is now entering an Anthropocene epoch, a geological measurement of time in which humans are having a significant global impact on the Earth's geology and ecosystems."
"Velkommen til fremtiden. Med klimaforandringer, solenergi, elbiler, robotter, kunstig intelligens og øget migration. Verden vil i de kommende år være vidne til en tsunami af forandringer, der vil transformere hele vor nuværende levevis for altid. Politiske fænomener som Brexit og Donald Trumps valgsejr er blot begyndelsen. Ross Jackson giver sit bud på fire sideløbende brud, der vil forandre verden. Et spørgsmål er fortsat åbent: hvordan vil politikerne tackle de økonomiske, sociale og teknologiske forandringer? Og hvor vil EU placere sig?"
"A long-running rift in the Larsen C ice shelf grew suddenly in December and now just 20km of ice is keeping the 5,000 sq km piece from floating away.  Larsen C is the most northern major ice shelf in Antarctica.  Researchers based in Swansea say the loss of a piece a quarter of the size of Wales will leave the whole shelf vulnerable to future break-up.  Larsen C is about 350m thick and floats on the seas at the edge of West Antarctica, holding back the flow of glaciers that feed into it. "
😀😀😀
"Parkinson's disease meant she couldn't draw, but a new invention has changed Emma's life."
"Eksklusive produkter af genbrugsmaterialer eller materialer produceret med hensyn til dyr og miljø."
"All of the electric passenger trains running in the Netherlands are now powered entirely by wind. One year ahead of schedule, Dutch railway company NS announced its entire electric train fleet is running on 100-percent wind power as of January 1, 2017, ushering in a new era of green transportation. Renewable energy advocates hope the early success will inspire planners to incorporate wind-powered trains in other high-speed rail projects around the world, including some proposed in the United States."
Russian children boosting their health. :-)
Det går den rigtige vej!
"The world's largest solar collector plant. With 12,436 solar collectors and a solar collector area of ​​156,694 square meters, the plant at Sejling Heath near Silkeborg is the world's largest ever. The annual production is estimated to 80,000 MWh."
😀😀😀
SURPRISE BABY!  😬
Haha....
"Wyoming has one of the highest wind power potentials of any state. According to Wikipedia, "Wyoming's geography of high-altitude prairies with broad ridges makes the state an ideal site for the development of wind resources." So of course the politicians have introduced a bill making it illegal for utilities in the state to use renewable power."
"KÆRE VENNER - så er der igen brug for at trække på jer og jeres netværk. Vi søger nu frivillige med sundhedsfaglig baggrund til næste sundhedshold - i efteråret 2017.  DEL GERNE DETTE INDLÆG. På hjemmesiden giver Susanne en status på vores sundhedsindsats og fortæller om de aktuelle opgaver og om oplevelserne ved at være frivillig på sundhedsholdet.  Interesserede kan kontakte sundhedskoordinator Susanne Rystok på sundhed@kantipur.dk eller 2126 6333."
"Finland's experiment is testing whether people like Jarvinen will try to get back to work or sit idly by as the cash comes in. Earlier this month, Marjukka Turunen, the head of Kela's legal benefits unit, told Business Insider the outcomes could skew in either direction. Except for some preliminary data in developing countries, the data aren't so clear. "Some people might stay on their couches, and some might go to work," Turunen said. "We don't know yet." Jarvinen, at least, says he plans to use the money to put his entrepreneur hat back on. "What I will do in future? In next two years? I start new busines as soon as possible. Now I'm free for that," he wrote. "I really feel I have got back my citizenship.""
"As part of a government study, a select group of retirement-home workers in Gothenburg, Sweden have been working just 30 hours each week for the past two years."
WITHOUT HUMAN INTERFERENCE ""When a client submits a claim regarding critical illness, the robot looks at the documentation for the diagnosis and the policy conditions. If these two elements meet the requirements, payment will be arranged immediately, without human interference in the process on our part,” says Flemming Tovdal Schmidt, COO at PensionDanmark."
"The Nordic tech scene broke new records with huge inward investments in 2016. But it's not only Nordic funding that is reaching new heights, but also the extent of global recognition of the people behind the Nordic tech wonder.   The European edition of the annual Forbes 30 under 30 list 2017 has just been released. Forbes' ranking has been divided into 10 different industries, ranging from Media to Entertainment and Technology."
"I sidste valgperiode fik Thorning-regeringen ofte hug for at føre en fejlslagen vækstpolitik. Det skete på baggrund af de lave vækstrater opgjort af Danmarks Statistik, som derfor kritiseres for at have frembragt et »falsk grundlag« for den politiske debat op til folketingsvalget."
About time!
Wauw!
Inspiring to see what one man can do on his own.
"From the elite bubble of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Christine Lagarde, managing director of the International Monetary Fund, shares her views on the future of globalisation."  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=o7HfPJN6Rg4&time_continue=1
Film 2013: WILLIAM and the WINDMILL  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1269681059758437&id=511205748939309  http://williamandthewindmill.com/  TRAILER https://youtu.be/e7uG3Sjid3A
Hilarious! 😃😃😃
An example to follow! Welll done India! 😊
Rappe fødder! ☺
Tittekanter som fx på puderne her.  https://www.instagram.com/p/88hUM3r99f/
I've signed!
The world need more teachers like this one! ☺
No "Best before" date on this tin of Military Ration from WWII. ☺
Genbrug af byggematerialer.
Ikke for de utrænede! ☺
The good old days..... ☺
WHEN WILL IT STOP?   Still Child labour in the fashion industry!  "New Look, Sports Direct’s Lonsdale brand and H&M have all used factories found to have employed children, after several major brands switched their production to low-cost factories in Myanmar. Workers told investigators that they were paid as little as 13p an hour producing clothes for UK retailers – half the full legal minimum wage."  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/05/child-labour-myanmar-high-street-brands
African Fashion. African Wax Print. Ready-to-Wear or Made-to-Order. Made in Ghana. Buy in Denmark.
International Womens Day 2017  A Letter to Leaders  You couldn't be where you are today without a good education. But because poverty is sexist, 130 million girls across the world are denied this basic right. Indeed, if the number of girls out of school formed a country, it would be the tenth largest on the planet - bigger than Japan or Germany. All children deserve a good education, but in the poorest countries girls are denied it more often than boys. Education is vital for moving out of poverty. Every additional year of school that a girl completes increases her future earnings, which is good for her family, her community and her country. We cannot afford to squander the potential of 130 million girls to cure diseases or end wars, invent brilliant technology or revolutionise an industry... or simply to access opportunity. We are coming together and uniting across our divides to get every girl into school and to make sure she gets a quality education once she's there. But we need you to do the same. Your education helped you to get where you are today - and it is in your power to help millions of girls to get theirs. Please act now, with the right policies and the necessary funds. Show us that politics can work for the people - starting with the people who need it most.  IF YOU CARE, ACT ADD YOUR NAME TODAY  Name
How awful! What kind of people could do that?
Green village. ☺
"Stilen er manden, siger man, og hvis man bedømmer Trump ud fra den, så er han en primitiv, mandschauvinistisk, narcissistisk, megaloman og måske psykopatisk mand."
SOLAR MAMAS.
Og forhåbentlig endnu flere nu et år senere. ☺
Baby vest in organic handspun cotton handknitted by women from Association Kologh Naba in Burkina Faso. http://kologh-naba.org/
Årets første høst af spæde ramsløgblade fra egen have i Barritskovby. Duften er fantastisk! ☺
"A kitchen porter has been made a co-owner of the four-time winner of the world's best restaurant. Ali Sonko, 62, is now a partner at Noma, the Copenhagen restaurant where he has been working since it opened. Mr Sonko, from the Gambia, was unveiled as one of three new partners, alongside two of its managers."
WITH THIS REMARK HE DOESN'T STRIKE ME AS BEING TERRIBLY INTELLIGENT HIMSELF!   "A Polish nationalist member of the European Parliament may be punished after he said women "must earn less than men because they are weaker, smaller and less intelligent"."
Death threats for Oscar mistake! You would think there were more important issues in the world today for people to worry about than a mistake made at the Oscars Show.
Haha... This is funny! 😃
Mord på 11 træer i Randers! 😡
http://www.rtb.bf/2017/03/declaration-des-syndicats-de-leducation-sur-les-attaques-terroristes-au-sahel/
Way to go! ☺
Mindfulness according to 6 and 7-year-olds...  (Best enjoyed with the sound on 😇) (Via. BBC Family & Education News)
Spændende fermenteringskursus hos Aarstiderne på Barritskov.
Homegrown veggies!
Ultrasonic clothes dryer.
Go Green with Aarhus.
"Arun and Anoop George, are busy inspecting their proud creation; a small wind turbine priced at an affordable cost of around $750 USD. Measuring the size of a ceiling fan and priced at a touch more than the latest Apple iPhone, this wind turbine can generate three to five kilowatt hours of electricity daily - enough to power a home. Arun says he plans to introduce the wind turbine to the market for a little more than $750 USD." http://inhabitat.com/indian-startups-residential-wind-turbine-costs-as-much-as-an-iphone/
"A female judge's warning that drunk women are putting themselves at greater risk of rape was "victim-blaming", a police commissioner has said. Judge Lindsey Kushner QC said women were entitled to "drink themselves into the ground" but their "disinhibited behaviour" could put them in danger."
Arsenic in your rice. Bon appétit!
Møde på Barrit Sognegård i dag kl. 17-21. En spændende debat om Barrit og fremtiden på landet!  Emne: - Hvordan står det til ude på landet? - Kan der etableres nye, bæredygtige produktionsformer? - Kan landområdernes potentialer gøres mere synlige?  Oplæg af: - Frank Erichsen ("Bonderøven" på DR) - Thomas Harttung (Aarstiderne) - Arkitektskolen Aarhus  Projektet indgår i Aarhus Kulturhovedstad 2017 RETHINK, hvor Arkitektskolen bidrager med Architecture Moves, som vil blive udstillet i Vennelystparken fra 25. aug.  Arrangør: Kandidatstuderende ved Arkitektskolen Aarhus.
So not only are we "pilers" more productive than the "filers", we also save time by not doing any filing. Win-win! ☺
"Not so long ago, Denmark prided itself on its humanism, generous foreign aid budget and welcoming attitude toward foreigners.  Times have changed. This week, the country’s integration minister, Inger Stojberg, feted the passing of the 50th regulation against immigration by celebrating with a cake."
"At stå på mål for den politik, man fører er én ting. At være så ideologisk forstyrret at man jubler over en lovgivning, som i sidste ende kan betyde døden for de mennesker, det går ud over, er brutalt. Det er et nyt lavpunkt i dansk politik. Det virker afstumpet. Der hvor jeg kommer fra ville man måske sige, at det var et tegn på virkelig dårlig opdragelse, at man ikke kan finde ud af at fare med lempe."
Så fik "vores" Inger  også spalteplads i BILD.  "Hat die Welt einen weiblichen Trump gefunden – eine „Trumpine“, die auf Kosten von Flüchtlingen mit haarsträubenden Social Media-Aktionen auf sich aufmerksam machen will?"
Well done Kenya! Way to go. ☺
Vi kender elefanthuen - nu også elefantsweateren!  ☺
Living her dream! ☺
Påsketid er havetid! Nyd begge dele. God påske! ☺
Velkommen til markeder, pop-up-shops og udstillinger i Aarhus med fokus på et nyt Afrika. Nyd den blomstrende kreativitet og skab jobs ved fair handel.  Følg med i opdateringerne her på Facebook, hvor vi løbende vil præsentere bodholderne på markedet i fairbar søn. 7. maj. Vi vil også her holde jer orienteret om kommende markeder, hvoraf to er planlagt til at løbe af stablen i eftersommeren.  https://www.facebook.com/AfrikanskMarked/
Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos:  - Little Sir & Madam - Mama-Essi  - My Trunk - Madam Græskar - GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) - Njakhass - HANDMADE - FAIR TRADE - URBANICCA - theTEXTstyle  https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=as
https://www.facebook.com/urbanicca/?fref=ts
Wauw! What an amazing piece of artwork! ☺
A forerunner for cities with electric cars? 😀
Fascinating to watch! ☺
She is an amazing young woman! ❤
Well said! 👍
😂
I stedet for kage.......☺  God påske til alle!
HUSK!  Amager Fælled  -  Søn. 7. maj 10-13.
Haha.... Signe Molde som altid sjov! 😂
"Umoja, which means "unity" in Swahili, is quite literally a no man's land, and the matriarchal refuge is now home to the Samburu women, who no longer want to suffer abuses, like genital mutilation and forced marriages, at the hands of men.
Makes me sick!
Drømmer du om at tage til Nepal, og vil du gerne bo privat, så kontakt Mette Rostgaard Evald for oplysninger om HOMESTAY i Kathmandu.  Tlf.: +45 2281 8666 Email: metterostgaard@gmail.com  If you're dreaming of going to Nepal and wish to stay in a private home you can contact Mette Rostgaard Evald for information about HOMESTAY in Kathmandu. Tel. +45 2281 8666  Email: metterostgaard@gmail.com
"ChuChu Design is an eco-friendly startup lifting families out of poverty with the art of upcycling. Created by Italian NGO Cesvi, the ChuChu project collects waste and teaches locals to transform trash into recycled crafts with an environmental message."
"I Like Local is a social enterprise that enables travelers to book authentic travel experiences directly from locals in Asia and Africa. Our goal is two-fold: in-depth experiences for travelers and direct income for local people. 100% of the money asked by the local hosts is directly paid to them. I Like Local doesn't charge them anything." https://www.i-likelocal.com/concept.html
BEST FRIENDS! ❤☺
"Over the past few decades, we've seemingly lost the ability to agree on what the truth even is, which Tyson warns is a dangerous path."
Godsbanens forårsmarked, Århus.
Poesi på skrå. Henrik Nordbrandt.   Godsbanen, Aarhus.
Fantastiske sko i African Wax Print håndlavet i Senegal. Dansk designer.
Håndlavede sko i Afrikansk Wax Print.
Good initiative. An example to follow for other countries. Well done Sweden!
Rwanda banned plastic bags in 2008. Why can't the rest of the world follow their example?
Shake it Baby.....  😃😃😃
A Green Planet Needs Green Transportation! Conference: 28-30 April 2017 Nordisk Folkecenter for Vedvarende Energi  https://www.facebook.com/events/261185164337489/?ti=cl
Vil du "wrap your head"?  Så kom til Afrikansk Marked 7 Maj kl. 10-17.   Vi er på Fairbar med Kunst, Design, Mode, Live Demo i Headwrap og meget mere.   Vi præsenterer løbende de enkelte bodholdere her på Facebook. .Så hvis du vil følge med, kan du gå ind og "Synes om" vores FB-side Afrikansk Marked, så bliver du holdt opdateret.  Vi håber at se dig den 7. maj  Venlig hilsen  @[552935994:2048:Luciana Maria], Lene Nortoft og @[1469832094:2048:Vera Teglgaard]  AFRIKANSK MARKED Fairbar Nørre Allé 66 Århus C 7. Maj 2017 10-17
https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
AFRIKANSK MARKED fairbar https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
AFRIKANSK MARKED fairbar https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
AFRIKANSK MARKED fairbar https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
Fascinating.
Teksten fra 4. maj 2010 passer desværre alt for godt her syv år senere til dagen i dag. Med 7 gr., overskyet og blæst her til morgen, når vi nok ikke engang op på 12 gr. i løbet af dagen..👎 Billederne kan også genbruges, det ser ligesådan ud i dag. ☺
AFRIKANSK MARKED fairbar https://www.facebook.com/events/859250287561751/?ti=cl
Er ved at gøre klar til  AFRIKANSK MARKED søn. 7. maj på Fairbar i Aarhus. Min bod vil være fyldt med skønne produkter fra Burkina Faso, håndlavet i vinterens løb af kvinderne i foreningen Kologh Naba.
Kom til Afrikansk Marked  i morgen, søn. 7. maj 10-17 på.Fairbar i Aarhus.. Ni spændende boder med afrikansk kusthåndværk, farverigt tøj til børn og voksne i African Wax Print. Smykker, håndflettede kurve og meget mere.  Live demo i Headwrap.  Live afrikansk musik og lækker mad fra det afrikanske køkken.  Se mere på https://www.facebook.com/AfrikanskMarked og giv gerne  siden et "Synes om".
Slapper af efter veloverstået Afrikansk Marked på Fairbar i søndags.  Den 1. juni begynder vi planlægning af næste Afrikansk Marked, som finder sted på Godsbanen 1.-2. sep. i Festugen.
While waiting for summer to come add a touch of colour to a gray rainy day by wearing shirts from theTEXTstyle.  African Wax Print handmade in Ghana.
A beautiful story. ☺
Cykletur i det grønne......  😎
Always wanted an old castle in Italy? Look no further. ☺
Så' det sagt! 😎
"Powered by 30 solar panels and the water current, the Water Wheel Trash Inceptor can remove a whopping 50,000 pounds of trash a day--a rate that the Waterfront Partnership of Baltimore hopes will make the harbor swimmable by 2020."
INTERESTING FACTS!  "How much space would be taken up if we used solar panels to match the amount of electricity UK homes use each year? Here's the answer."
"The fortified Svalbard Global Seed Vault, designed to protect the world’s seeds from disaster and environmental devastation, has been flooded. The culprit? Climate change. Thankfully, no seeds were lost."
HVOR ER DET GODT. EN NILFISK, LIGE HVAD ENHVER AFRIKANER I ÅREVIS HAR SUKKET EFTER. (ironi kan forekomme). Man må så håbe, de har strøm. 😎  ""Afrikanisering – Fra Næstved til Nairobi”. Rengøringsmaskiner fra Nilfisk er blandt de danske produkter, kenyanere kan se frem til at få glæde af."
Well done, Elon Musk! 👍
Well said, Arnold S.! 👍
Jeg mødte sådan en fyr i haven i morges, en kobberguldbasse.  "Kobberguldbassen er en torbist, og en af de bedste flyvere blandt biller. Den er kobber- eller olivenfarvet med hvide pletter på dækvingerne. Størrelsen på en voksen bille varierer fra 14-22 mm. Hvor larven primært lever i myretuer flyver den voksne guldbasse rundt fra blomst til blomst som den gnaver af, gerne på enge og i nærheden af nåleskov. Kobberguldbassen kommer frem allerede i maj, men ses oftest i juli og august." https://naturguide.dk/guldbassen-efterlader-sit-afkom-i-myretuer/
"Vi har bygget verdenen på en infrastruktur, der ikke vil være i stand til at kapere klimaforandringer. Vi troede, at verden, som vi kendte den, ville vare ved. Det var derfor, at Paris-aftalen var så vigtig og næsten for god til at tro på."
TILLYKKE med fødselsdagen,  Lise - lotte!  Håber du har haft en god dag med solskin og festivitas. Ønsker dig og familien en dejlig aften. Knus Vera
"The DUP takes a hard-right and ultra-religious view on gay rights and women’s rights – opposing same-sex marriage and abortion even in instances where a woman is raped."
https://www.instagram.com/p/BUe4aGdB5Qf/
Cute! ❤
Two old-timers still on the go! Min bror på ukulele til venstre. ☺
Skønne toner. ☺
Amazing! 😍
"Our town government takes a lot of pride in the details, in getting it right, in working together, in respecting all members of the community, in service to the public and in competence,” Muldoon told the Jackson Hole News & Guide. “Our current president shows no interest in any of these things, and I think it sends the wrong message when we honor him.”"
Impressive!
Wow!
AARSTIDERNES SMAGSMARK PÅ BARRITSKOV. "Smagsmarken er Aarstidernes gastronomiske og agronomiske legeplads. Her afprøver vi nye (og gamle) afgrøder til fremtidige smagsoplevelser og måltider. Vi eksperimenterer, afprøver, smager, dufter og sanser os frem i en magisk verden af planter.   LIGE TIL KANTEN  Vi har kigget i frøkataloger fra hele verden, i Nordgens kæmpe frøsamling og i Frøsamlernes bevaringsarbejde med gamle ærte- og bønnesorter. Vi har fundet smukke billeder af underlige planter, fantasier om nye smage, sprøde stængler, underlige knolde og blomstrende frodighed fra marken og ind på tallerkenen.  Til denne sæson er det blevet til mindst 140 sorter og typer af grøntsager, som vi stort set ikke har dyrket før. I stedet for at vælge det sikre og eksperimentere med et par nye varianter har vi smidt fortøjningen og kastet os ud på dybt vand. Gamle ærtesorter, mærkelige kål og helt nye salater og spinater står side om side med hirse, quinoa og hestebønner. Rødder og knolde, stængler, blade, knopper og blomster – alt kan bruges (måske). Vi kommer til at dyrke lidt i blinde, gå til kanten og måske lidt over, hvad der kan trives i det danske klima. Men hvad er et forsøg værd, hvis vi kender resultatet på forhånd?"  Tag med en tur på ærtesmagning i Smagsmarken:
Heartbreaking! 💔
// PIER 2 : BY OG HAVNEPARK, AARHUS HAVN   "Syntes du Aarhus Havn, skal have en by- og havnepark på Pier 2, ved siden af Dome of Visions?.   En by- og havnepark, hvor alle byens borgere og gæster, kan slå sig ned i grønne og frodige omgivelser, og nyde udsigten til Mols Bjerge samt byens pulserende liv.  Stemmer du JA, til denne vision for Aarhus Havn og Pier 2?, så skriv under i linket i nedenstående underskriftindsamling."
"Kig forbi Café for Færre Fremmede i Verden & Medborgerskab, når den besøger Store Torv i Aarhus fra d. 25. juni til 1. juli. Caféen er et afslappende mødested, hvor alle er velkomne til at mødes til nærvær, dialog og (selv)refleksion. I caféen kan der købes økologisk kaffe, te og kølig hyldeblomst samt et lille udvalg af kager. Og hvad kan du ellers opleve? Hvis du har lyst, kan du tale med en fremmed, gerne i de særlige samtalestole. Du kan også sende et postkort med sloganet "Færre Fremmede i Verden" – måske til én, du savner, eller én du vil lære bedre at kende."
"Hvad ved du egentlig om verdens tilstand? Tror du, ligesom en stor del af resten af befolkningen, at det står værre til, end det faktisk gør? Og hvad med FN's Verdensmål? Har du styr på dem?  Kom til en både sjov og lærerrig quiz-aften på fairbar, der tester din viden om globale forhold og temaer i relation til FNs Verdensmål og lapper eventuelle huller i den. Forbered dig på skæve spørgsmål, og svar der overrasker – med mindre du kender dem selvfølgelig!   Tilmelding er ikke nødvendig, du tropper bare op – med eller uden hold.  *****  Bag quizzen står organisationen MUNDU - center for global dannelse, som arbejder med at at oversætte komplekse globale temaer til pædagogiske undervisningsprojekter og interkulturelle aktiviteter, der nedbryder fordomme, nuancerer stereotyper og motiverer til stillingtagen og engagement i forhold til globale udfordringer."
"If you're feeling flustered by the mini-heathwave over parts of the UK and Europe at the moment, then you'll want to avoid the Middle East right now. On Thursday a blistering temperature of 54C (129.3F) was recorded in Kuwait, firmly putting our hot spell into context. It is the highest temperature ever recorded in the eastern hemisphere and almost certainly the highest temperature ever recorded on earth."
"There's a message on that wall, for President Donald Trump. And you know what it says? Build bridges, not walls."
Push-ups! You can't start too early. ☺
KUNST・HÅNDVÆRK・DESIGN MARKED PÅ GODSBANEN I ÅRHUS D. 7. SEPTEMBER  "I ULF vil vi gerne slå et slag for alt det gode kunsthåndværk, som bliver produceret rundt om i landet. Derfor har vi sat et kunst-, håndværk- og designmarked op til september.  Vi sætter en dyd i, at det er det gode håndværk, det gode design og den gode kunst, som skal vises til omverden. Og vi håber, I vil være med til at vise verden, at bare fordi det er lavet af udviklingshæmmede, så behøver det ikke være grimt."
KUNST・HÅNDVÆRK・DESIGN MARKED PÅ GODSBANEN I ÅRHUS D. 7. SEPTEMBER  "I ULF vil vi gerne slå et slag for alt det gode kunsthåndværk, som bliver produceret rundt om i landet. Derfor har vi sat et kunst-, håndværk- og designmarked op til september.  Vi sætter en dyd i, at det er det gode håndværk, det gode design og den gode kunst, som skal vises til omverden. Og vi håber, I vil være med til at vise verden, at bare fordi det er lavet af udviklingshæmmede, så behøver det ikke være grimt."
Curlingforældre og Roskilde. "Hænger vi endnu engang nogen ud, som værende tossedumme og naive?
Hollandske dyrlæger tør, hvor andre tier!
"In this video Jacob Neeman shows us an account of the building of his house in Latvia. What do you need to build a wooden house? Jacob starts at the beginning, with the forest. From a permaculture perspective this is very interesting; he is clearly engaging with the local ecosystem and uses mainly natural and local resources, with “Lime, sand and concrete mixture [used] only in small amounts”. Every step of the process is done by hand which is impressive especially when you see the finished product!". https://permaculturenews.org/2016/11/23/birth-wooden-house-carpentry-resilience-latvia/
Low tech!
Forever young in heart! ❤😍
"På mange områder anvendes mobiltelefoner og anden kommunikationsteknologi langt mere i Afrika end i Europa. I Afrika betaler folk som en selvfølge med deres mobiltelefoner, og de kan parkere penge i mobilselskaberne i stedet for i bankerne.  Ny teknologi og moderne forretningsmetoder i landbruget er ved at skabe en revolution, så afrikanske landmænd kan få samme store effekt, som asiaterne fik i 1950’erne og 1960’erne med ’den grønne revolution’.  Det sker helt på kommerciel basis eller med en forretningsorienteret bistand. Det bør få alle i donorlandene til at overveje at omlægge bistandsmidlerne, så de bruges til investeringer i aktiviteter, der på meget kort tid kan løfte hundreder af millioner op fra fattigdomsniveauet, og det sker bedst ved at hjælpe landbefolkningen."
“It’s not the bureaucracy, it’s not the police, it’s not the politics but what is corrupt is the financial capital. 90 per cent of the owners of capital in London have their headquarters offshore."
When will we learn?
The website is not accessible.
Rainbow behind Nørre Søgade at Peblinge Søen, Copenhagen.
Amazing! ❤
AMAZING LITTLE BOY! ❤❤❤ "I owe everything to my mum, because she helped me when I was going through the toughest times in my life."
Mike Whellans - The One Man Blues Band!
Respect! 👍
"The genius of Chinese traditional architecture"
"Air pollution is linked to around 40,000 premature deaths a year in the UK, and transport also makes up a significant share of greenhouse gas emissions.  A government spokesman said: "Poor air quality is the biggest environmental risk to public health in the UK and this government is determined to take strong action in the shortest time possible."
"Two million tonnes of clothes are purchased every year, of which one million tonnes are thrown away.  That is, exactly 50% of the total clothes purchased end up in a landfill. Most cheap clothes are made from polyester, comprising extremely strong, non-biodegradable fibre, even resistant to most forms of chemicals.  Tonnes of disposable clothes from the developed countries are shipped to East African countries. In Germany, around where I live, huge metal boxes painted in bright colours, in street corners, invite people to donate their clothes and shoes, supposedly to clothe the poor African folks.  While it eases the guilt arising from excessive consumerism, most of these clothes end up in a landfill, albeit only in a distant land. The salvaged ones, though, fuel a thriving second-hand clothing economy, resulting in severe pressure on the local players in the home-grown markets in Africa.  This prompted six East African nations, Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania and South Sudan, to decide on a ban on imported second-hand clothes and shoes by the year 2019."
https://www.globalcitizen.org/en/content/scotland-wind-energy-report/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_content=global&utm_campaign=general-content&linkId=40185979
Off to Iceland in November? If I'm lucky, YES! ☺
"A week before he died, Sankara said, “revolutionaries as individuals can be murdered, but you cannot kill ideas”. And so, for us today, the final challenge rests not in finding more Sankaras, but in becoming them – in bringing these ideas to life."
Robot....ish! 😉
JEG GRÆMMES!   "Abdelkawy, who is at present weighing his options in Cairo, having been offered a number of European scholarships for the next academic session, said that he found the political reality in Denmark to be different from other western European countries.   “There's something very dangerous in Denmark compared to other European countries . In France or Germany or the U.K. you'll have one or two far right parties that want to push all foreigners out, while the other political main stream is reasonable in that matter. In Denmark, attacks on foreigners come from right and left. The far right party [Danish People’s Party, ed.] is the second biggest party in the parliament, and the current immigration policy is very successful in driving people away from Denmark. I'm a living example.”
Not bad! 👍
OMG! What a voice! Angelica Hale (9)
"Kvinder til interviews søges Kender du en inspirerende kvinde, som har en spændende historie? En historie, som mangler at blive fortalt? Din mor? Din datter? Din mormor? Din søster eller veninde? Dig selv? danskdansk, Baltoppen LIVE, Ishøj Kultur Café og Helsingør Teater søger mødre og døtre, i to eller tre generationer, til interviews til inspiration til teaterforestillingen »Ikke uden min mor«.   »Ikke uden min mor« er et mangfoldigt og nuanceret kvindeportræt af kvinder i flere generationer baseret på interviews med kvinder i alle farver, kulturer, baggrunde, der bor i Danmark.     I forestillingen vil vi fortælle om kvindelivet i ord og musik på tværs af generationer og kulturer, så vi og vores liv bliver synlige for hinanden. I »Ikke uden min mor« fortæller og lægger vi ører til hinandens kvindehistorier. Historier om kvinder, der tilpasser sig og historier om kvinder, der gør oprør, om vores muligheder, begrænsninger, håb og drømme – før, nu og i fremtiden. Vi står alle på skuldrene af vores mødres historier, erfaringer og kampe, ligesom de står på deres, og som vores døtre står på vores. Det gælder alle kvinder til alle tider og i alle kulturer. Ingen kvinde eksisterer uden sin mor.   I kan komme til os på teatret danskdansk, der ligger på Frederikssundsvej 62, baghuset, kælderen, 2400 København NV, eller vi kan komme til jer: hjemme hos jer selv, i foreningen, kvindeklubben eller den lokale café. Interviewene vil blive foretaget af bl.a. instruktøren amerikansk/koreansk/danske Sandra Yi Sencindiver og dramatikeren norsk/gambiansk Camara Christina Lundestad Joof fra teater danskdansk. Møderne vil foregå i uge 34 of 35 - de sidste 2 uger af august.    Efterfølgende i september, december og februar vil forestillingen blive skabt. Til udvalgte prøver (2 timer om eftermiddagen eller aftenen) vil vi gerne invitere jer til at bl.a. mødes med skuespillerne, være med til prøver, se skitser og idéer.   Teatret vil gerne høre jeres mening og have jeres feedback. Forestillingen har premiere 2. marts 2018 og spiller hele marts i København, Ballerup, Helsingør og Ishøj.    Kontakt for spørgsmål og tilmelding: Sandra Yi Sencindiver Kunstnerisk Leder sandra@danskdansk.dk Mobil: 2125 5661  Idé & koncept: danskdansk Producent: Christine Worre Kann Medvirkende: Anne-Vibeke Mogensen, Nadia Auda, Şiir Tilif + Marie Louise von Bülow Instruktør: Sandra Yi Sencindiver Dramatiker: Camara Christina Lundestad Joof Komponist: Marie Louise von Bülow Scenografer: Sir Grande Lear (Lea Højmark Burrows + Ingvild Rømo Grande) Dramaturg: Sosha Teperowska  Co-producent: Teatergrad" https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1520308064700488&id=149818905082751
@[577455116:2048:Sheila Morgo Monne]
"Found in public toilets, hotels and changing rooms, the hooks contain hidden cameras that perverts are using to spy on people. The devices are selling on Amazon for as little as £8 and feature tiny cameras that are barely visible, NBC reports."
Bad luck! 😄
"A Polish man has been jailed in the kidnapping of a British model held captive in northern Italy for six days last month, police said on Saturday."
"The scale of abuse in India - A child under 16 is raped every 155 minutes, a child under 10 every 13 hours - More than 10,000 children were raped in 2015 - 240 million women living in India were married before they turned 18 - 53.22% of children who participated in a government study reported some form of sexual abuse - 50% of abusers are known to the child or are "persons in trust and care-givers""  Sources: Indian government, Unicef
Let's go Glamping! 😎  Med udsigt over Svendborgsund! Så bliver det ikke bedre! 🚣🚤⛵🌳🌴   www.svendborgsund-camping.dk/glamping
"The invention, which is made up of a radio system, is attached to a box and makes voice calls, while also doubling up as a TV, allowing the user to watch one TV channel. Petrus’ invention is not a fly-by-night success story. Last year the learner won a gold medal at the NamPower national schools’ competition, after he reportedly invented a machine that serves as a seed drier and cooler."
"For the first time, an African architect has designed London’s prestigious Serpentine Pavilion. This year, Francis Kéré will take center stage in what has become a global architectural and design event. The Burkinabe architect plans to use the pavilion as a platform to discuss the impact of climate change and humanity’s communal responsibility to preserve the natural environment."
CRAZY! ☺
Pure love! 💕
FAKE NEWS! "This Viral Footage Of Iraq's 'River Of Sand' Is Not Actually Sand" http://m.huffingtonpost.in/2015/11/18/sand-river-iraq-hailstone_n_8589122.html
Can't stop laughing......  😃😃😃
"I had a dream where I was tabling a motion in Parliament while I was in Form three. That is when I started asking my fellow students to start campaigning for me since I would need their vote in 2017. I have held leadership positions in school and in my neighbourhood,” he was quoted as saying.
Tragic!
My thoughts are with my friends and all people in Burkina Faso.  "Suspected Islamist extremists have killed at least 17 people after opening fire on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the Burkina Faso capital of Ouagadougou.  There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence on Sunday, which continued into the early hours of Monday with another heavy exchange of gunfire overheard by witnesses."
FRANCE FIRST!  "Supermarkets in France have been banned from throwing away or spoiling unsold food by law.  The stores are now required to donate unwanted food to charities and food banks."  AN EXAMPLE TO FOLLOW! ❤
"The food is priced on a pay as you feel basis and has already helped desperate families to feed their children"
“The point is—people keep saying to me, like how did this happen? How did we elect Donald Trump president of the United States?,” Stewart said. “And my feeling is, have you met us?”
"Surprised shoppers entered the store to find that much of the normal selection was gone, demonstrating how reliant they are on other countries for everyday products.   Instead, they were greeted with signs saying: “This shelf is pretty boring without diversity.”"
"UNLEASH brought more than 1,000 global talents to Denmark to search for innovative solutions to the Sustainable Development Goals. The water track took some of the talents to Bjerringbro and Grundfos. We have met a couple them during their days in our backyard."
“You see something like this, you know, it brings back memories and I’m concerned about what could happen in this country.”
Vi trykker plakat til  AFRIKANSK MARKED. Denne gang i Foyer på GODSBANEN I Aarhus.
Fra i morgen vil du se denne smukke plakat i cafeer og på plakatsøjler rundt omkring i Aarhus.
AFRIKANSK MARKED  lør. 30/9  - søn.1/10
AFRIKANSK MARKED LIKE vores FB-side og hold dig opdateret. Vi vil løbende lave opslag om boderne og deres vareudbud de næste tre uger op til markedet på Godsbanen 30/9-1/10. Læs også opslag og se billeder og video fra det første AFRIKANSK MARKED 7. maj på fairbar.  Inviter også gerne jeres venner til at like siden: https://www.facebook.com/AfrikanskMarked/
Så har vi sat plakater op i Godsbanens Foyer. Stedet hvor det hele foregår om knap tre uger. Sæt X i kalenderen ved 30. Sep.  - 1. okt.?  Og følg opdateringerne på FB-siden AFRIKANSK MARKED.
AFRIKANSK MARKED er nu opslået i Godsbanens kalender. Her kan du læse programmet,  og der er link til FB-Begivenheden AFRIKANSK MARKED.
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT.  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
"A fresh outbreak of violence in Myanmar's Rakhine state has caused hundreds of thousands of Rohingya civilians to flee to Bangladesh. The exodus began on 25 August after Rohingya militants attacked police posts, killing 12 members of the security forces. Those attacks led to a security crackdown. Myanmar's military says it is fighting insurgents but those who have fled say troops and Rakhine Buddhists are conducting a brutal campaign to drive them out. The Rohingya - a stateless mostly Muslim minority group - have faced years of persecution in Myanmar. Deep-seated tensions between them and the majority Buddhist population in Rakhine have led to deadly communal violence in the past."
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske kunstner Christophe Sawadogo.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene
AFRIKANSK MARKED  GODSBANEN, AARHUS 30. SEP. -  01. OKT. 10.00 - 18.00
Fantastic!
Association Kologh Naba var med på AFRIKANSK MARKED den 7. maj på Fairbar, og vi er med igen på GODSBANEN 30. sep. - 1. okt.   HÅNDSTRIK TIL BABY - økologisk bomuld. Når kvinderne er færdige med dagens arbejde i systue og væveri, strikker de på.livet løs. Udstyret med en solcellelampe, Little Sun, kan de også strikke om aftenen hjemme i hytten, når aftensmaden er overstået og de mindste børn er lagt i seng. Det kommer der de fineste små babyveste ud af. 🌞
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske billedkunstner Christophe Sawadogo og  skulpturer af skulptør Boureima Ouedraogo, ligeledes burkinsk.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!  Program lørdag 30. Sep.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 14.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 16.00 African print modeshow  Program søndag 1. Okt.: Kl. 11.00 Headwrap demo Kl. 12.00-18.00 Mad fra Zambia og Nigeria Kl. 13.00 KEPAR GUI - musik Kl. 15.00 African print modeshow  Kunstudstilling: Malerier og tegninger af den burkinske billedkunstner Christophe Sawadogo og  skulpturer af skulptør Boureima Ouedraogo, ligeledes burkinsk.  Gør en fair handel på Afrikansk Marked hos: • Little Sir & Madam • Touch of Africa Arts & Dancing • Baobab Cafe & Boutique • BUSH BABE • Njakhass • Risskov Design og Systue • Madam Græskar • 9WA Design • Dafrico Ghana Collection • GtU (Genvej til Udvikling) • Fair Trade Butik Bazaren Århus • Association Kologh Naba • Urbanicca • theTEXTstyle  Mvh Luciana, Vera & Lene  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
Africa Fashion Week Barcelona.
Association Kologh Naba var med på  AFRIKANSK MARKED den 7. maj på Fairbar. Vi  er med igen på GODSBANEN 30. sep. - 1. okt.  Ø K O L O G I S K   B O M U L D - Burkina Faso HANDLED WITH CARE! Håndplukket - Håndrenset - Håndkartet - Håndspundet - Håndvundet - Håndstrikket U D E N  B R U G  A F  K E M I K A L I E R
Association Kologh Naba var med på AFRIKANSK MARKED den 7. maj på Fairbar.  Vi er med igen på GODSBANEN 30. sep. - 1. okt.  P L A N T E F A R V E T  G A R N Ø K O L O G I S K   B O M U L D   I N G E N  K E M I K A L I E R BURKINA FASO  >>>  DANMARK  Farveudtræk af lokale planter, bark fra træer og den burkinske røde/brune/gule jord.
https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
AFRIKANSK MARKED på GODSBANEN  LØRDAG 30. SEP. kl. 10.00-18.00 SØNDAG 1. OKT. kl. 10.00-18.00  GRATIS ENTRÉ!
Destination: AARHUS  When: 30. SEP. - 1. OCT.
A F R I K A N S K  M A R K E D Godsbanen i Aarhus Lør. 30. sep. kl. 10.00-18.00 Søn. 1. okt. kl. 10.00-18.00 G R A T I S  E N T R É!  Kom og mød DAFRICO!  - en blandt 16 spændende boder med smukt farverigt tøj, tilbehør, kunst og unikke ting til boligen fra det store kontinent .... A F R I K A!
A F R I K A N S K  M A R K E D Godsbanen i Aarhus Lør. 30. sep. kl. 10.00-18.00 Søn. 1. okt. kl. 10.00-18.00 G R A T I S  E N T R É!  Kom og mød theTEXTstyle!  - en blandt 16 spændende boder med smukt farverigt tøj, tilbehør, kunst og unikke ting til boligen fra det store kontinent .... A F R I K A!
A S S O C I A T I O N  K O L O G H  N A B A var med på AFRIKANSK MARKED den 7. maj på Fairbar.  Vi er med igen på GODSBANEN 30. sep. - 1. okt.   https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568  ☆ H Å N D S T R I K  T I L  B A B Y  ☆ A F R I K A N S K  P R I N T  T I L  D I G ☆ S H E A  S Æ B E  T I L  F A M I L I E N  ☆ H Å N D V Æ V E T  T I L  B O L I G E N
K U N S T  F R A  B U R K I N A   F A S O AFRIKANSK MARKED  på GODSBANEN 30. SEP. - 1. OKT.  /  Kl.  10.00-18.00 https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568  CHRISTOPHE SAWADOGO - Billedkunstner BUREIMA OUEDRAOGO - Skulptør
A F R I K A N S K  M A R K E D GODSBANEN  30. sep. - 1. okt. /  Kl. 10.00 - 18.00  G R A T I S   E N T R É ! ! !  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568
A F R I K A N S K  M A R K E D Godsbanen i Aarhus Lør. 30. sep. - søn. 1. Okt. /  kl. 10.00-18.00 G R A T I S  E N T R É!  Kom og mød RISSKOV DESIGN!  - en blandt 16 spændende boder med smukt design i Afrikansk Wax Print af Tina Bunk.  https://m.facebook.com/events/499830307035568?view=permalink&id=508633812821884
Moringa, the wonder tree.
M A D E  I N  C H I N A  - no robots needed!
China has found a way to turn deserts into forests.
"Honey from across the world is contaminated with potent pesticides known to harm bees, new research shows, clearly revealing the global exposure of vital pollinators for the first time.."
"Phil Cox crossed the border into Sudan along with his colleague Daoud Hari in December 2016 with the aim of reporting on the plight of people in the Darfur region – but was soon abducted by armed militiamen."
When Solar Meets Beekeeping.
Way to go! 👍
It's amazing what happens when boys are actually taught to respect women.
Her i Barrit var der også en rød farveblyant. Jeg bliver svar skyldig , hvis nogen spørger, om den kunne lave andet end et rødt kryds.❌  ☺
"The world's richest people are waging a war on poor people, a Columbia University economics professor has said."
Gå ikke glip af det bedste julemarked i Århus.   M Ø L L E S T I E N Lør. 25. Nov. - kl. 10-16
Det hyggeligste julemarked i Århus  M Ø L L E S T I E N  Lør. 25.  Nov.  - kl. 10-16  https://m.facebook.com/events/184220085461100?view=permalink&id=190914741458301
"Pedestrian Grabs Street Musician’s Mic — Crowd Cheers When They Realize Who He Is."  http://www.inspiremore.com/rod-stewart-busker/?utm_medium=social&utm_source=SHCH&utm_campaign=partner
"Several communities have been equipped with our SOL5 device and have successfully adopted the technology to bake, roast peanuts or dehydrate fish, increasing income, decreasing charcoal use and improving working conditions."
WOW! Listen to this. 👍👍👍
The Sun Generator SG 250VA designed by ENERG VAGT and the @[559681510788865:274:Nordisk Folkecenter] in Thy, Denmark. Soon to be launched for large production in partnership with the JEEP Folkecenter, Uganda.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155885762017346&id=50258852345
Unbelievable!
Køb julegaven hos DAFRICO på årets julebazar I Absalon og vær med til at støtte bygningen af et ungdomscenter I Ghana.
Stunning view of Varde Å.
Never give up!
He asked for it! 😀😀😀
Haha....
https://inhabitat.com/affordable-flat-pack-surf-shack-shelter-operates-completely-off-the-grid/
WELL DONE! Age 91 and knitting teddies for charity.
"This brilliant video on BBC-3 was filmed at one of our tea parties. If you know someone who would benefit from a free monthly tea party, or would like to volunteer and help us end loneliness, go to our website." http://ow.ly/GeCY30hgu0W
The Great Belt Bridge - An impressive and innovative piece of engineering. 👍
"#BP is back in solar ☀️ - joining forces with Lightsource to drive worldwide growth in solar power development  http://on.bp.com/lightsourceBP "
Godt initiativ!
Lovely story! 💕
35 degrees Celsius. Relaxing in the shadow of the big beautiful Khaya Senegalensis tree in Association Kologh Naba at Saaba, Burkina Faso.
My thoughts go to my friends in Ouagadougou. I hope you and your families are safe. ❤
Dedicated doctor! ❤
This happened in 1961! Just unbelievable!
Got 9 of 9! ☺  How about you?
"Period dramas such as this are dangerous. They are pitched as light entertainment: tonally soft with a peppering of low stakes conflict – but they are rooted in the merciless grip of British imperialism. Films like Victoria & Abdul seek to absolve our barbaric behaviour in colonised countries."
D E T  F Æ L L E S  B E D S T E Folketræf om Bæredygtighed   Spinderihallerne i Vejle   Kr. Himmelfart-ferien 10.-13. maj.
Well done! ☺
Spain is showing the way! 👍
"Outraged locals said they were going to cancel memberships over the blunder.  The Trust apologised for the "heinous mistake", adding staff will wear #JamFirst badges to support "a proper cream tea".  About 300 people complained on the post, with some claiming it was "horrifying" and "made them feel sick". 😃😃😃
"In our series of letters from African writers, Ghanaian journalist Elizabeth Ohene reflects on her interactions with aid agencies in crisis zones."
"We're on a mission … to make this town very sustainable. Because if we can do it here, then what's everybody else's excuse?"
"The hearing was told that only private patients in the hospital receive name-tags."
BRILLIANT! 👍👍👍  "So far as sustainable construction materials go, tomato stems and seaweed would seem to belong at the weaker end of the spectrum. But the team behind the conceptual Biological House are showing what's possible when you apply some innovative thinking and advanced upcycling techniques."
Creative teacher. ☺
"Widespread and credible eyewitness reports tell of extensive and systematic crimes against the Muslim Rohingyan population by the Myanmar security forces, including extra-judicial killings, disappearances, violence, rape, unlawful detention, and destruction of property and whole villages. Ms Kyi has denied these events have occurred."
Amazing! ☺
Kære Lise-lotte Tillykke med pigerne. Håber I har haft en dejlig dag. Billedet er fra juni 2009. Kh Vera
Walking trees! 🌴🌴🌴
Dejligt at en af de mange gode historier om flygtninge for en gangs skyld når medierne. Held og lykke til Anders Christian Wegger og Tharcise Karamage med fortsat godt samarbejde i forhåbentlig mange år fremover.👍👍👍
Cute video with an important message. ❤
Now he has to make a choice!  ☺
https://www.instagram.com/p/BhELV4KBtT5/
At 81 in better shape than most people half her age. 👍❤
Aliens?
Amazing! 👍👍👍
Before the ipad. ☺
"Det økologiske areal fortsætter sin eksplosive vækst og udgør nu mere end 245.000 hektar af det samlede landbrugsareal i Danmark. Størstedelen findes i Sydjylland, Nordjylland og Vestjylland, viser ny tal fra Landbrugsstyrelsen."
Never forget! ❤
Haha....  https://www.facebook.com/groups/8600112594/permalink/10155257619827595/
" Eksempelvis indeholder Nivea-cremen købt på Wish.com allergifremkaldende stoffer, der er ulovlige i EU. Den sundhedsskadelige Nivea-creme ligner til forveksling den vi kender fra danske butikker, og ud over størrelsen er bøtterne nærmest identiske.  - Den anden side af det er, at der også er solgt en række produkter, som man rent faktisk godt kan se, hvad indeholder. Problemet er bare, at de kan indeholder stoffer, som ikke er godkendt i EU.  - Du kan dermed sagtens købe et Nivea-produkt, men der er en risiko for, at du fået et andet produkt, end hvis du køber det i Danmark, siger Stine Müller til Ekstra Bladet."
"Man kan diskutere betalt frokost, arbejdstid og løn i månedsvis, men måske ligger konflikten et helt andet sted. I de senere år har hele tonen og værdisættet ændret sig på arbejdsmarkedet. Det er blevet erhvervslivets normer, der er blevet overført, både til den offentlige sektor, og sågar til de private humanitære organisationer."
"British poet Benjamin Zephaniah has said Theresa May needs to “fix up” in response to the Windrush scandal that has been highlighted in recent days."
Vil du have RENT VAND i hanerne UDEN SPRØJTEGIFT, så støt Lone Landmands borgerforslag om at lægge afgift på pesticider, putte pengene i en grundvandsfond og bruge dem, hvis et vandværk får problemer med pesticider i drikkevandet.  SKRIV UNDER HER: https://www.borgerforslag.dk/se-og-stoet-forslag/?Id=FT-00679
"CELEBRATE this International Palm Oil Free Certification Programme with us by spreading this news, sharing this post and posts to follow on this page and sharing our website address in the months to come with as many people as possible. The success of this International Palm Oil Free Certification Programme will be measured by your embrace and willingness to share and encourage companies to apply for certification. CONSUMER DEMAND was the inspiration for this Certification programme so please if you want an easier shop please help us to develop and grow this certification programme. Thank you."
Klimavenlig kold øl til pausen i havearbejdet.  https://giphy.com/gifs/gardening-LUsGRMPjlI7LO
"Stem til Publikumsprisen Synes du, at Couleur Café - Afrikansk Festival fortjener at vinde publikumsprisen? I så fald kan du kaste lidt kærlighed efter Couleur Café - Afrikansk Festival ved at give et 'like' eller dele indstillingen med dine venner på Facebook."
A F R I K A N S K   M A R K E D  Aarhus  VI ER KLAR Vejrudsigten for pinsen lyder på sol og varme. Det er vi rigtig glade for. Markedet foregår igen på GODSBANEN. Denne gang i REMISEN og GÅRDHAVEN ved restaurant SPISELAUGET.  GRATIS ADGANG! KIG FORBI!   Det vil hjælpe os meget, hvis du deler denne begivenhed med dit netværk i Aarhus og omegn. Og det vil glæde os, hvis du "Synes om" vores FB-side AFRIKANSK MARKED.
WOW!!! AMAZING.
AFRIKANSK MARKED Aarhus  GODSBANENs REMISE og GÅRDHAVE ved restaurant SPISELAUGET lør. 19. & søn. 20. maj - kl. 10-18  GRATIS ADGANG! KIG FORBI!
Clever young man.  👍
WAUW!!!
Apropos ulve - skadedyr eller nyttedyr?
No built-in obsolescence! From a time when things were made to last and good  craftsmanship were valued.
Zuckerberg faces the European Parliament!
Perhaps it's time for "boys" to grow up and behave like responsible adults.  "When Ms Fitzpatrick attempted to report it, she was told by her manager the two men “meant no harm” and that it was “boys just being boys”, according to emails seen by the corporation."
😃😃😃
Crazy new trend! 👎
Wow!
"Transition Launch / Omstillingskurus på Vestjyllands Højskole 2-3 juni.  To dage med masser af læring, sjov og samarbejde."
Tragic!
The daily Mile! Good for adults too!
This man is doing a great job! 👍
Just unbelievable!
God til pindebrænde.
Wow!.....The colours, the details - amazing! So beautiful. 💕
Ja, hvis folk gik lige så meget op i klima som i fodbold,  var der håb for mennesket og planeten. Se videoen. Den er sjov og har et budskab. 😎
Burkinabé Architect Francis Kéré about building with clay and the value of community in this TED talk.
Hold your breath! ☺
"Da Mary fra storbyen Toronto var 20 år mente hun selv, at hendes 'naboens datter-look' var alt for kedeligt. Derfor besluttede hun sig til at ændre sit udseende, og det blev til sidst nærmest en besættelse for hende."
Se Najad's video om ansigtsmasker.
How is this possible?
INGEN PLASTIC HER! Spændende koncept.  "Blend your own" af rene økologiske olier m.m. og tag det med hjem i en glasbeholder. 👍👍👍☺
https://www.facebook.com/522173327980941/videos/722173717980900/
Not for the faint hearted! 😰
Vi er ved at gøre klar til vores næste AFRIKANSK MARKED,  som finder  sted på Folkestedet i Århus 2. sep., den første søndag i Festugen. Følg med på Facebook, hvor vi løbende orienterer om program og boder. https://www.facebook.com/AfrikanskMarked/
Must  try this..... 😏
AFRIKANSK MARKED for fjerde gang i Aarhus. Vi har haft travlt med at få så meget som muligt klart, inden Danmark går på ferie.Og nu har vi trykt plakat, som inden længe vil kunne ses rundt omkring i Aarhus.
URBANICCA gentager sin Headwrap Demo på AFRIKANSK MARKED søn. 2. sep. kl. 11 - 19 på FOLKESTEDET.
AFRIKANSK MARKED  AARHUS Nyd en festlig og farverig søndag på FOLKESTEDET den 2. sep. med Afrikansk musik - mad - vareboder. Og ikke mindst et modeshow med spændende tøj i African Wax Print til både mænd og kvinder.
AFRIKANSK MARKED - FOLKESTEDET 2. sep. - 11:00-19:00. De første plakater er nu sat op - her på Godsbanen, hvor vi sidst holdt AFRIKANSK MARKED i pinsen. Den 2. sep. (første søn. i Festugen) vil vi være at finde på FOLKESTEDET, Carl Blochs Gade 28, 8000 Aarhus C - lige rundt om hjørnet fra Godsbanen.  Kom og vær med! Vi byder på fest og farver -  afrikanske varer, musik, mad og modeshow. 😊
The smartest man in Africa? "You have to ask God for three things to be like who I am today: Taste, choice and wisdom!"
Well done Pakistan! 👍
Wonderful music from Uganda.  Ssewa Ssewa on janzi & Sebulime Michael on guitar.
Good advice!
One of nature's wonders! 💚💙💛💜
Wise woman!👍👍👍
Amazing! ☺
"Når vi bygger hus, og når politikerne planlægger bydele, skal det sidde på rygmarven, hvor vandkanten er placeret om 100 år."
Wonderful kids. ❤
Det regner! 🌁💧
Læs her, hvorfor du skal undgå den sorte plastemballage.
Ireland was the first   https://amp.independent.ie/news/environment/ireland-is-first-to-stop-investments-in-fossil-fuel-firms-37113110.html
#KLIMAOPRÅB  STØT OP OM DETTE BORGERFORSLAG:   "Forslaget går i al sin enkelthed ud på at sætte en pris på forurening – mere specifikt på drivhusgasser. Når der kommer en pris på udledning af drivhusgasser, vil man med ét bredt penselstrøg håndtere mange af udfordringerne ved klimaproblemerne."
"No man should decide what women should wear."
Rystende læsning!
Verdensspejl Festival i Århus Festuge. For femte gang slår Verdensdpejl dørene op til alletiders spændende globale festival. Det foregår denne gang 3. - 9. sep. på Brobjergskolen ved Musikhuset.
Så er der igen Verdensspejl Festival i Århus. Efter en pause i 2017 er Verdensspejl Festival tilbage. Det er i år 5. gang festivalen løber af stabelen, og det foregår denne gang på Brobjergskolen ved siden af Musikhuset.  ASSOCIATION KOLOGH NABA deltager som sædvanlig i denne festival. Vi har en bod i Bazaren fre. - lør. - søn.,  7.-9. sep. Billedet viser patchworkbolde og små punge i Afrikansk Wax Print fra Ass.Kologh Nabas bod på en tidligere Verdensspejl Festival.
Ghanesisk Street Art på Verdensspejl Festival  onsdag den 5. september kl.12-14.15 "Bright Tetteh Ackwehr er blandt andet kendt i Ghana for sine satiretegninger, som kradser i overfladen af billedet af Ghana som et fremgangsrigt udviklingsland. Fremgangen er en del af sandheden, men Ghana kæmper også med alvorlige udfordringer som stigende ulighed og korruption."  https://globalnyt.dk/content/ghanesisk-street-art-til-danmark
AFRIKANSK MARKED for fjerde gang i Århus fandt sted i søndags den 2. september på Folkestedet og blev en stor succes.
Folkestedets opslag med billeder fra AFRIKANSK MARKED på dette super hyggelige sted.
Lille video fra Afrikansk Marked nr. 4, som vi afholdt søndag den 2. sep. på Folkestedet.
"All the different mixes of fabrics and prints combined with these huge head wraps and modern outfits showcase the current state of African Fashion: fabulous, creative and influenced by the past & present."
VERDENSSPEJL FESTIVAL 2018 In 2017 the annual Verdensspejl Festival (World Mirror Festival) was higly missed during AARHUS FESTIVAL. This year Verdensspejl Festival is back, now for the fifth time. It takes place 3.-9. Sep. at Brobjergskolen next to Musikhuset in Aarhus. @[751696021548296:274:Association Kologh Naba]  will as usual be part of Verdensspejl Festival with a market stall in the Bazaar Fri. - Sat. - Sun., 7th-9th. Sep.  The picture is from Verdensspejl Festival 2016 and shows patchwork balls and small purses in African Wax Print from Association Kologh Naba, Burkina Faso.
Der var lækker afrikansk mad på AFRIKANSK MARKED på Folkestedet søn. den 2. sep.  Her to af kokkene Brita Che og @[100000282440151:2048:Stella Skærbæk Nielsen] i madboden.
Nine-year-old talent from Kenya. 😍
CO2 AFGIFT NU!!! HURTIG OG RETFÆRDIG GRØN OMSTILLING!  Støt borgerforslaget #KLIMAOPRÅB på tinyurl.com/klimaopraab  Spred ordet!
CO2 AFGIFT NU!!! HURTIG OG RETFÆRDIG GRØN OMSTILLING!  Støt borgerforslaget #KLIMAOPRÅB på tinyurl.com/klimaopraab   DEL - DEL - DEL...... 😍
Gør noget for klimaet i dag! STØT og DEL borgerforslaget #KLIMAOPRÅB på tinyurl.com/klimaopraab  CO2 AFGIFT NU!!! HURTIG OG RETFÆRDIG GRØN OMSTILLING!t
CO2 AFGIFT NU! HURTIG OG RETFÆRDIG GRØN OMSTILLING  Støt borgerforslaget KLIMAOPRÅB på tinyurl.com/klimaopraab Spred ordet!  https://m.facebook.com/groups/504889106609243?view=permalink&id=565771497187670
#KLIMAOPRÅB Støt borgerforslaget KLIMAOPRÅB på tinyurl.com/klimaopraab   "Kære politikere,  D. 11. maj 2018 lancerede 301 danske forskere et opråb, hvor de opfordrede politikerne til langt mere ambitiøs handling i kampen mod klimaforandringerne. Det er ikke kun forskerne der er bekymrede - det er den danske befolkning også. Ifølge tænketanken Concitos "klima-barometer" fra 2016 mener 86% af danskerne, at klimaforandringerne udgør et alvorligt problem. 86% er et helt overvældende flertal.  Følgende borgerforslag er et opråb fra en bekymret befolkning.  Forslaget går i al sin enkelthed ud på at sætte en pris på forurening – mere specifikt på drivhusgasser. Når der kommer en pris på udledning af drivhusgasser, vil man med ét bredt penselstrøg håndtere mange af udfordringerne ved klimaproblemerne.  Et konkret bud på handling kunne være at lægge pres fra dansk side til et forstærket samarbejde i EU om at indføre den markedsøkonomiske model kaldet "Carbon Fee and Dividend", som er anbefalet af flere internationale klimaforskere og økonomer."
Delt på siderne: Oxfam IBIS, Odense Kommune, Aarhus Kommune, Aalborg Kommune, Esbjerg Kommune, Vejle Kommune, Randers Kommune, Viborg Kommune, Kolding Kommune, Silkeborg Kommune, Horsens Kommune - En del af flokken, Herning Kommune, Roskilde Kommune, Næstved Kommune, Slagelse Kommune, Sønderborg Kommune, Holbæk Kommune, Gladsaxe Kommune,
CO2 AFGIFT NU!  HURTIG OG RETFÆRDIG GRØN OMSTILLING  Støt borgerforslaget KLIMAOPRÅB på tinyurl.com/klimaopraab  Spred ordet!
#KLIMAOPRÅB https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10156322495515041&set=pcb.567768673654619&type=3&ifg=1
I couldn't be there yesterday on my brother's birthday, so instead I listen to music composed and played by him.😍 @[609189352621497:274:Læsø Kunstfestival]. @[1384853971:2048:John Teglgaard]
Amazing. 😍
"See the green transition with your own eyes ”The city of Copenhagen highlighted the fact that there you can see the green transition with your own eyes. At the same time, the mayors can experience a big city that exhibits strong economic growth and great quality of life. This was the core of the Copenhagen story and that was decisive for the outcome”, said Simon Hansen, Regional Director of C40 in London commented to the Danish newspaper Politiken."
I got 80% right. :-)
Nu går det LØS i Jægersborggade på Nørrebro.
"If you work WITH biology you will succeed!" 👍👍👍
🤣🤣🤣
CATWALK! 🐱
Brazil’s new president, Jair Bolsonaro, campaigned on a plan to sell off major portions of the Amazon rainforest to agribusiness, mining. and hydro-power.  “Minorities have to adapt to the majority, or simply disappear,” he said on the campaign trail, adding that under his administration, “not one square centimeter” of Brazil will be reserved for the country’s indigenous peoples.  Thirteen percent of the land in Brazil is protected indigenous territory in the Amazon rainforest, where most of the world’s last uncontacted tribes take refuge. Bolsonaro has said he wants to put all of that land on the auction block.
"People outraged by the banning of Iceland’s Christmas advert on TV are taking action by signing a petition appealing for the decision to be overturned.  The advert, which was banned by the advertising regulatory body for being “too political”, has sparked anger on social media from people who disagree with it being kept off our TVs.   The high-street supermarket elected to do something different this festive period and, rather than focus on tables filled with festive food, highlight an important environmental issue in their ad.  The banned animation – originally created by Greenpeace and now available to view on YouTube –  tells the story of rainforest destruction caused by palm oil production via its impact on an endangered orangutan. In April 2018, Iceland pledged to remove palm oil from all its own-brand food lines. The advert failed to secure approval on the grounds of it being “seen to support a political issue”."
PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION AND SAVE THE RAIN FORESTS FOR THE ORANGUTANS.    Mark Topps started this petition to ClearCast.  "Iceland released a Christmas advert today highlighting the devastation caused by palm oil products. It was a beautiful and important message. But the tv regulators have banned the advert, for being too political!  Palm oil is a product that can be found in everything from shampoos and detergents to sandwiches and biscuits.. It’s one of the most environmentally-damaging industries, and each day 25 orangutans are killed. It’s production wipes out rainforests and wildlife, driving animals like the orangutan into extinction.  As a father of three who thinks this ad would help educate people about how their products are killing orangutans and their homes, I feel banning this advert is an injustice.  The body that stopped the advert being broadcasted, Clearcast, say that the ad breaches it’s political rules. The ad holds an important message - one that is emotional, touching and helps to spread a message about saving the environment and so must be broadcasted. If you haven’t watched it, you can find it here. It’s so powerful.  Please sign this petition if you too believe the ban should be overturned so that this ad can be on TV screens at Christmas."  #NoPalmOilChristmas #SaveTheOrangutans
Conference, 26-28 February 2019  Bamako, Mali. "Let's re-green the Sahel and BEAT FAMINE!"
"An old coal power station is set to be transformed into a “sustainable village” of 2,000 homes powered by solar panels, in the biggest redevelopment yet of a former UK power plant.  French firm Engie said it had decided against selling off the Rugeley site in Staffordshire and would instead build super efficient houses on the 139-hectare site as part of its bid to “move beyond energy”.  Half of the energy required by the new homes will come from green sources, predominantly solar, which will be fitted on rooftops, in a field and even floating on a lake.  The company is planning for 10 megawatts of solar capacity in total, equivalent to one of the UK’s smaller solar farms.  Batteries will be used across the site, both in homes and at a communal power storage facility, to balance out electricity supply and demand.  The firm is also claiming the homes will be so efficient they will use nearly a third less energy than average new builds. Heating will come not from gas boilers but electric devices such as heat pumps."
"The second largest rainforest in the world — in Central Africa’s Congo Basin — is disappearing at an alarming rate, despite local laws against deforestation.  A new study out of the University of California names China and the United States as the primary culprits.  China more than doubled its wood imports from the Congo Basin between 2001 and 2015, the study found, and most of the cheap furniture it exported was headed for the United States."
The content of stranded whale's stomach: "Hard plastic (19 pieces, 140g), plastic bottles (4 pieces, 150g), plastic bags (25 pieces, 260g), flip-flops (2 pieces, 270g), pieces of string (3.26kg) & plastic cups (115 pieces, 750g)."
FINLAND HAS FOUND THE KEY TO END HOMELESSNESS: GIVE A HOMELESS A HOME AND HE/SHE IS NO LONGER HOMELESS! 😄  "All this costs money, but there is ample evidence from many countries that shows it is always more cost-effective to aim to end homelessness instead of simply trying to manage it. Investment in ending homelessness always pays back, to say nothing of the human and ethical reasons."
""However, the proposed release of GM “male-sterile” mosquitoes, meant to only be for training purposes, is not expected to deliver any benefits for malaria control in Burkina Faso. This is not an early stage trial for later releases of the gene drive mosquitoes, but releases of an entirely different GM mosquito.  Instead, the release of the GM mosquito poses risks, including the incidental release of some biting female GM mosquitoes during the experiments. While Target Malaria claims that the number will be small, nevertheless, since GM female mosquitoes can bite humans and spread disease, the release of biting females still poses some risk to local people.  Furthermore, there is evidence that Target Malaria is paying compensation of 400 CFA francs (approximately 70 US cents) per hour to local villagers to allow for the collection of biting female mosquitoes from their own bodies.  The use of a financial incentive to individuals to expose themselves to biting female mosquitoes, and potentially to malaria, is also ethically extremely questionable”, said Dr. Helen Wallace, Director of GeneWatch UK."
This Air-purifier tower runs on solar energy.
"We need knowledge of how to care. We need knowledge of how to share."
Harley-Davidson releasing an all-electric motorbike.
Listening to Sir David Attenborough from COP24.  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=296175424345725&id=260097656025
Great new Sustainable project for women in Burkina Faso started by my friend @[1535192109:2048:Meredyth Bowler Ailloud], the founder of @[240544696090513:274:PagaBags].  "Imagine Plants are beautifully handwoven cotton bags and accessories made using traditional plants dyes in an ecofashion fashion project with women in Burkina Faso I  Imagine Plants is a new collection created by PagaBags, an ethical fashion label known for its recycling of plastic bags, handwoven with cotton, in a battle against plastic pollution.  With Imagine Plants, PagaBags is taking up a new challenge : That of promoting plant dyes in a battle against toxics."
"The highly unregulated global skin lightening market is estimated to be worth billions of dollars. At least four out of every 10 women in Africa bleach their skin, according to the World Health Organization."
"Let’s just take a moment to wonder what life would be like if, instead of turning on the evening news and seeing Brexit every night, we saw the headline, ‘Breaking: Theresa May declares all public transport is free as of tomorrow!’  There’d be tears of joy, screams of happiness, and probably even street parties. It’d be declared a public holiday and the world in general would just be a much better place."
"The British pro-GMO activist Mark Lynas has angered African farmers over his mis-use of their images on the internet to promote his pro-GMO agenda. Now the farmers have demanded that Lynas remove their images and names from all online platforms."
"This Swedish Mall Is The World’s First Ever Secondhand Shopping Center  Everything for sale at ReTuna is recycled, reused or sustainably produced."
""We can grow the best citrus in the world, right here on the high plains,” says Russ Finch, the former mailman (pictured above) who is the creative superstar genius responsible for building the Greenhouse in the Snow. And he can do it spending only $1 a day in energy costs."
He's 86, she's 91. The secret to a long life:  Ride a tandem!
"Først tjener Holch Povlsen milliarder på miljøbelastende tøj. Derefter laver man visuel og bygningsmæssig miljøstøj, som omslutter en stor del af Jylland. Bæredygtigheden er forlængst braset sammen trods Bestseller-visualiseringens grønne tage. FN’s klimapanel og Klimarådet hejser alle advarselsflag, men budskabet er åbenbart ikke nået frem til Bestseller, Ikast-Brande Kommune og alle involverede politikere både lokalt og på Slotsholmen."
(CNN) - "At just 31 years old, Rebeca Gyumi has a list of accomplishments anyone twice her age would be proud of. She has successfully challenged her country's legal system, winning a landmark ruling in 2016 to raise the age of child marriage for girls in Tanzania from 14 to 18; started a foundation to advocate for girls' education; won the UNICEF Global Goal Award and was named 2016 Woman of the Year by New Africa Magazine. Now, she's on her way to New York to collect the 2018 Human Rights Prize awarded by the United Nations."
https://www.facebook.com/115104055206794/posts/2298756733508171/
Vi kan ikke være det bekendt! 👎👎👎
"What should we do when our government is leading us off the cliff edge? I’ve tried the conventional things. I’ve voted in elections, signed petitions, and written letters to my MP. I’ve been on marches, and given money to organisations like Greenpeace and Avaaz.   I’ve joined the Green party, and delivered leaflets and knocked on doors. I’ve started petitions, and had conversations with people about how the climate is changing. I’m not really sure that any of these things has had any positive effect, but I am sure that twelve more years of doing the same won’t be enough. By then we may have reached the point of runaway climate change. There isn’t time to wait for politicians to come to their senses.  That’s why I’ve joined the Extinction Rebellion campaign.  It’s using tried and tested methods of nonviolent civil disobedience: methods that worked for Gandhi and Martin Luther King, for the suffragettes, and for countless campaigns and struggles around the world. There are no guarantees that it’ll work this time, but I think it’s the best option we have, and I don’t know what else to try."  https://www.bristolpost.co.uk/news/news-opinion/extinction-rebellion-university-bristol-arrest-2337525
Spændende boligkpncept.  Boligkonceptet Venligbolig Plus er en boform, hvor flygtninge og studerende skal bo dør om dør.  Arkitekttegnede mikro-boliger til få penge
"Mere af det, Margrethe. Når du nu ved en rent slumpetræf har fået den stilling, du har, er det da godt, at du bruger den til at sige nogle sandheder, der burde være indlysende - men desværre ikke er det for alle.”⠀
"Jeg er helt uforstående over for det, der foregår, og over for, hvor lidt I politikere handler. Hvad siger du til dine børn, når de spørger om klimasituationen? Siger du: »Det skal nok gå, der er ikke noget at være bekymret for« vel vidende, at dette er løgn? Eller siger du: »Det er der nogle andre, der må tage sig af. Danmark er så lille, at vores handlen alligevel ikke betyder noget i det store klimaregnskab,« vel vidende, at sådan kan man ikke regne? Eller siger du: »Bare rolig. Vi magthavere har en plan«? Jeg forstår det simpelthen ikke, og jeg kunne bare så godt tænke mig at forstå, hvad der foregår bag de lukkede døre."
"Det hollandske universitet TU Delft har tildelt direktør Søren Hermansen fra Samsø Energiakademi en æresdoktorgrad.  Det skriver Politiken.  Æresdoktorgraden uddeles i forbindelse med TU Delfts 177-års jubilæum, der i år har fokus på "Klimaaktion". Søren Hermansen holdt i forbindelse med uddelingen en forelæsning om, hvordan man kan gøre lokalsamfund engagerede i bæredygtighed.   Søren Hermansen modtog graden for sit arbejde med Samsø Energiakademi og den grønne omstilling af Samsø med inddragelse af lokalmiljø, som akademiet har bevirket. Akademiet arrangerer workshops, konferencer og kurser for interesserede og rejser også ud i verden for at fortælle om grøn omstilling."
"COMPANIES NOT TAKING SUSTAINABILITY SERIOUSLY WILL FALL BEHIND".
"Bénin, Burkina Faso, Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana,  Guinée et Sénégal, ont connu une croissance d’au moins 5 % ces deux dernières années, et devraient la maintenir en 2019 et 2020."  English translation: Benin, Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea and Senegal have experienced a growth of at least 5% in the last two years, and are expected to maintain it in 2019 and 2020. "
"Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is known for his brilliant responses to questions, whether they are measured, witty or plain daft.  But he's never had to deal with the type of question aimed at fellow German Imke Wubbenhorst, who made history in December by becoming the first woman to manage in Germany's fifth tier when she took over at BV Cloppenburg.  She told Welt how one journalist had asked her whether she warned players to put their pants on when she entered the dressing room.  "Of course not, I'm a professional," she responded, sarcastically. "I pick my players based on their penis size.""
"I envision Neighborhood Grocery to be comparable to what you would see downtown—modern design, tech driven, community engaging. The food will be fresh, affordable, with prepared options to give our target market—food-insecure individuals and families in Detroit—access to a daily meal. I want to show Detroiters the good side to health—in an engaging way.  Most of all, I want Neighborhood Grocery to be representative of the community—food and services provided for us, by us. Truest to the last statement, Neighborhood Grocery will be the product of equity crowdfunding to create local and group investment opportunities. I’m destined to not only change food in my city, but change communities in my city, for good.".
Respekt til varehuschefen, der tør, hvor andre tier! 👍👍👍👍👍  "Han må finde et andet sted at handle. Jeg er mere ked af, at hun blev ked af det. Der skal ikke komme nogen og overfuse mine medarbejdere," siger varehuschefen i dag. Og hatten af for ham. Vi kan alle være politisk korrekte, når vi kloger os i bekvem afstand af virkelighedens verden - på lederplads i denne avis eksempelvis - men at være politisk korrekt lige midt i brændpunktet kræver i langt højere grad mandsmod og hjerte; nosser.
AMAZING!!!😍
"Undergrunden og folkedybet hvis du vil have en oplevelse for livet og møde dem der har faklen i lyset af en indædt og stabilt indsats for fælleskab for klimaet tilstand så skal du kigge ind på fredag !!!   Øko-net fylder 25 år i januar!  Det fejres fredag d. 25. januar kl. 16-19 med en reception på Gallopperiet på Christiania og med efterfølgende seminar/årsmøde, med et spændende program.  Få hurtigt overblik herunder! Vedhæftet er desuden Øko-net's sidste Medlemsblad med lidt om det hele - samt to A4 flyer for de to events.  Der er nemlig også et arr. d. 23. janaur på Den frie Lærerskole, ved Svendborg, præcist for dagen for stiftelsen for 25 år siden.  Vær velkommen!  Det ville være dejligt om I kiggede forbi, og endnu bedre om I deltager i seminaret fredag-aften og hele lørdag.  Vil bl.a. fremhæve denne interessante del af seminaret lørdag kl. 16.00-17.30, med de to skuespillere  Sidsel Agensøog Maibritt Saerens ’No Planet B’ – Politisk og oplysende teater om klimakrisen – hvordan rykker vi befolkningen fra tanke til handling!? Få et direkte indblik i processen bag et klimapolitisk teaterstykke fra Teater V: No Planet B.  Det var en direkte kommentar til klimatopmøde COP21, som blev afholdt nov.-dec. 2015 i Paris.  Hvordan var publikums reaktioner og flyttede det noget? Hvordan var den kollektive bevægelse, og hvad er den næste drøm om en ny klimaforestilling?  Oplev uddrag fra stykket, der blev spillet af Sidsel og Maibritt. Fælles debat om stykket og de nye drømme. www.teater-v.dk/forestilling/no-planet-b/ Del gerne i jeres netværk!"
20. JAN. 2019 KL. 16.03 |  OPDATERET 20. JAN. 2019 KL. 22.23  "Ti soldater fra FN's fredsbevarende styrker er søndag blevet dræbt, og 25 er blevet såret i et angreb i det vestafrikanske land Mali.  Det oplyser en kilde, der er tæt knyttet til FN's fredsbevarende mission i Mali, Minusma. Det skriver nyhedsbureauet AFP.  Der er tale om otte FN-soldater fra Tchad.  De blev dræbt, da bevæbnede gerningsmænd angreb en FN-base i Aguelhok i det nordøstlige Mali. Basen ligger nær grænsen til Algeriet.  Den gruppe af soldater, der blev angrebet, dræbte adskillige gerningsmænd, oplyser FN-missionen ifølge nyhedsbureauet dpa."
"At least 10 peacekeepers from Chad have been killed and 25 others wounded in an attack on a United Nations camp in northern Mali, according to the world body."
"Dix Casques bleus tchadiens ont été tués et au moins 25 autres ont été blessés, a annoncé le secrétaire général des Nations Unies Antonio Guterres, dans un communiqué. Un précédent bilan faisait état de huit Casques bleus tués.  À l’aube, les Casques bleus du contingent tchadien stationnés à Aguelhok, dans le nord-est du pays, à 200 km de la frontière algérienne, ont «repoussé une attaque complexe lancée par des assaillants arrivés à bord de nombreux véhicules armés», a expliqué la mission de l’ONU au Mali (Minusma).  S’ils ont essuyé de lourdes pertes, les Casques bleus ont réussi à «neutraliser nombre d’ennemis» et à «poursuivre les assaillants dans leur déroute»."
HURRA - HURRA - HURRA!!!   VI GJORDE DET! 👍👍👍👍👍  Borgerforslaget "Dansk klimalov nu" opnåede de nødvendige 50.000 stemmer på kun 14 dage. Antallet af støtter stiger stadig og er nu oppe på  51.511.  DU KAN STADIG NÅ AT VÆRE MED!!!  https://www.borgerforslag.dk/se-og-stoet-forslag/?Id=FT-02233
"To the secretary-general and the members of the Security Council of the United Nations: We ask for a worldwide referendum on carbon fee-and-dividend."
»Jeg er vildt imponeret over, at borgerforslaget har samlet så mange støtter på så kort tid. Vi har sagt meget klart, at vi skal have en bindende klimalov, når vi får en ny grøn regering«, siger Pia Olsen Dyhr, klimaordfører og formand for SF, til Information.
“Perhaps we have a solution. There is a single being which can transform CO2 to oxygen, which is the tree. We need to replant the forest. You need forest with native trees, and you need to gather the seeds in the same region you plant them or the serpents and the termites won’t come. And if you plant forests that don’t belong, the animals don’t come there and the forest is silent.  “We need to listen to the words of the people on the land. Nature is the earth and it is other beings and if we don’t have some kind of spiritual return to our planet, I fear that we will be compromised.”
57.348 STØTTER NU BORGERFORSLAGET OM KLIMALOV.   DESVÆRRE LADER DET TIL, AT VI TALER FOR DØVE ØREN.
CLIMATE-CHANGE RESPONS: 🌳🌳🌳🌳🌴🌴🌴🌲🌲🌴🌴🌳🌳🌳  More trees on farms in Southeast Asia  "Bogor, Indonesia, 31 January 2019 — As the world grows hotter and the impact of a changing climate becomes increasingly severe, moves are underway in Southeast Asia to put more trees back into the varied landscapes that typify the region."
SO TRUE! "Each one of us make an impact on the planet every single day and we can choose what sort of impact we want to make."
Beskyt ryggen med denne smarte "skovl". 😎
"Living in a tiny home doesn't have to mean sacrificing style or comfort, as evidenced by this tiny stunner created by former boat builder and current owner of tiny home company Room to Move, Jeff Hobbs.  Thanks to a 600-watt solar power system and a rainwater collection system on the roof, the self-sustaining home is designed to be entirely off the grid. Water is heated by a solar collector and a woodstove, while laundry equipment is stored in a utility shed on the side of the house. Jeff designed the home for client Briar Hale, and Living Big In A Tiny House's YouTube channel recently posted a video tour of the space." https://offgridquest.com/tinyhouse/solar-powered-tiny-home?fbclid=IwAR0CHGaY0tEDL4f5PHEOGGSLLO1dOTKoUEzw-zEvG9aTB_qiQUkwiOyTG4A
“I would find myself sitting at my desk wishing the day was over so I could go home…” says the community’s founder “Todd” in the mini documentary.  “And then I would wish it was Friday … and then I would wish my next vacation was coming up. And then I realized I was very literally wishing my life away.”  Todd was a “successful” engineer until he quit and moved to the woods 11 years ago.  He, his girlfriend, her 8-year-old daughter and a handful of other unruly characters live in handmade mud huts on a 30-acre primitive homestead, where they host about a dozen other transient residents at a time, teaching them wilderness “thrival” skills.
VELBEKOMME! 😮
Education is.... Development ✅ Education is.... Protection ✅ Education is.... progress ✅  Education is... the 🔑 for more development, peace, inclusion and a prosperous future.  Like and share if you agree.
Burkina Street Art
Lost for words.
"The climate crisis has already been solved. We already have all the facts and solutions," Thunberg says. "All we have to do is to wake up and change."
STØT BORGERFORSLAGET  - hvis du i fremtiden vil se flere  🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝 🐝
SIGN AND SHARE.  Free Nasrin Sotoudeh now.  "Nasrin Sotoudeh, a prominent Iranian human rights lawyer, has been sentenced to 38 years in prison and 148 lashes because of her work defending women's rights & protesting against Iran’s forced hijab laws."
AMAZING! ❤️❤️❤️ This little girl knows the name of the capital of every country in the world.
"I dag blev en kæmpe bunke sten indviet som energilager. Forskere og energiselskaber har arbejdet på at ophøje en bunke sorte småsten til et sted, hvor sol og vind kan lagres, så vi kan få glæde af det på vindstille gråvejrsdage. På DTU Risø ved Roskilde indviede uddannelses- og forskningsminister Tommy Ahlers (V) i dag testanlægget."
"€ 58 million for electricity and contract farming in Burkina Faso  Paris finances the largest energy project in Burkina Faso. Last Tuesday, the Burkinabè government and the French Development Agency (AFD) met to sign a € 58 million financing agreement for the "Dorsale Nord" Regional Power Interconnector Project and the Contract Farming and Ecological Transition Project (PACTE).  More specifically, three conventions have been signed. The first two concern "Dorsale Nord" with an envelope of € 45 million - including € 30 million from France and € 15 million from the EU - for the construction of 381 km of very high voltage line between Burkina Faso and Niger, the strengthening of transport infrastructure around Ouagadougou, and the electrification of 150 localities, which represents approximately 100,000 inhabitants. "Dorsale Nord" allows Burkina Faso to import electricity via regional interconnections and develop renewable energies. "With the signing of this project, it will allow us to have access to energy more than 50% cheaper than our local production," said the Minister of Economy. A project that is part of the West African Power Exchange System (WAPP) with a total cost of € 600 million, which is the connection of Nigeria to the network of Niger, Burkina Faso and Benin.  The third convention concerns PACTE with a grant of € 13 million granted by the European Union to AFD. These resources will be used through a call for projects that will be launched during the year after a selection of projects. The objective of PACTE is to promote contract farming, to intensify agroecology, and to professionalize actors in the sector. At the same time, the PACTE facilitates the arrival of private investors in agribusiness through a better structuring and professionalisation of producers, a strengthening of economic links between actors in the sector, and the transmission of future agricultural innovations. .  Remember that the signing of these three conventions relating to development projects is part of the National Plan for Economic and Social Development (PNDES) adopted in 2016 by the Burkinabe government."
"The African Climate Week opens today in Ghana, bringing together multilateral organizations such as UNDP, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and the World Bank, as well as investors and other stakeholders in advancing national climate action plans or nationally determined contributions (NDCs), UNDP stresses.  This week is preparing African countries for the next United Nations conference on climate change - the COP25 - to be held in Chile in December, but before that the UN Secretary-General's Climate Summit in September.  In view of these global events, a series of regional climate weeks is planned in Africa, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Caribbean.  "Financing the global transition to a low-carbon, climate-resilient economy will require an investment of at least $ 60 trillion.The public sector's financial commitment of $ 100 billion per year must be used to mobilize strategically and minimize the risks of private investment to accelerate the fight against climate change. We must urgently invest in new technologies where they are most needed. This African Climate Week is so much needed and well received, "said Abdoulaye Mar Dieye, UN Under-Secretary-General and Director of UNDP's Office of Development Policy.  Approximately 85 to 90 percent of the funds needed to achieve the Paris Agreement's objectives will come from the private sector. With current flows far from sufficient, it is essential to bring investors and decision-makers together. Hence the opening of African Week and a two-day forum on private sector investment for projects bringing climate solutions to Ghana's challenges."
SIGN AND SHARE THE PETITION TODAY.  "The African Development Bank claims to support the shift to renewable energy, yet it's quite unfortunate that the Bank’s energy portfolio still consists of more than 45% of fossil fuels investments from coal, oil and gas. This stands in contrast to the 100% renewable energy vision of Climate Vulnerable Forum of which many African countries are a member."
"Monsanto has continued to argue that Roundup is safe to use and does not cause NHL. Although the judge restricted the first part of the trial to a limited discussion of Hardeman’s cancer, he issued something of a rebuke of the company in one procedural order last week, saying: "Although the evidence that Roundup causes cancer is quite equivocal, there is strong evidence from which a jury could conclude that Monsanto does not particularly care whether its product is in fact giving people cancer, focusing instead on manipulating public opinion and undermining anyone who raises genuine and legitimate concerns about the issue.”
"10 years to the day since we launched THE AGE OF STUPID, here's my new short film, WHAT IF?  In a parallel universe, Fred Miliband, Carolyn Lukas, Zack Harries, Jon Snowflake, Kris Peckham, Jonathan Pie and the President of the Maldives battle to save the people of Earthly from suffering the same fate as "those poor people on Earth”."
Flot initiativ i Vandkantsdanmark! 😎⛱🛶⛵️  "Fire ildsjæle fra Juelsminde Knækker Cancer har et mål om at kunne aflevere en million kroner til Knæk Cancer i uge 43. Foreninger, klubber og privatpersoner skal være med til, at målet bliver nået.  Juelsminde: En million kroner. Det er det beløb, som fire ildsjæle fra Juelsminde Knækker Cancer satser på, der bliver samlet ind i løbet af året til den landsdækkende indsamling Knæk Cancer i uge 43.  Sidste år blev der for første gang holdt en gallafest i Juelsminde til fordel for Knæk Cancer. Det var en kæmpe succes, og derfor er Tina Uldum Bruun overbevist om, at million-målet kan nås i år.  - Vi havde i forvejen fået samlet 20.000 kroner ind, og bare på en aften indsamlede vi 290.000 kroner. Vi vil ride videre på den succes, og folk har været positive over for det, fortæller Tina Uldum Bruun, der er ildsjæl for Juelsminde Knækker Cancer sammen med Thrine Nørgaard, Karsten Glyngø og Alexander Mateev."  Læs mere ... https://hsfo.dk/hedensted/Ildsjaele-vil-donere-en-million-kr-til-Knaek-Cancer-foreninger-og-klubber-skal-hjaelpe-med-at-naa-maalet/artikel/210417?fbclid=IwAR1o47dkevxVaSPJgB8gHG7rj5Ao_gtTyd49VQDlpvnf9Yt4GJ_hNzPpB9A
Greta says it all.  Will the leaders of the world listen?
Så er dagen skudt i gang... 😊
She's got the whole world in her hands ...  🌎
Money wives In Nigeria the Becheve community, a large tribe of 17 villages in Obanliku, has a long tradition in which young girls—often referred to as “money women” or “money wives”—are sold in exchange for food or livestock or cash, or to settle debts.   The men of the clan have now taken to posting photos of their young daughters on their Facebook page to find buyers for the girls.  "Their respective husbands got in touch with their father after seeing the Facebook page where he posted photos of his six daughters to draw the attention of his tribesmen. The men of the clan have found the new technology helps to extend and expand their old, exploitative traditions."  "Reports of Facebook being used as a tool to facilitate child marriage aren’t unique to Nigeria. Last November, the social media platform came under fire after posts discussing the sale of a 16-year-old girl in South Sudan. The victim was married in the process after her father, in exchange for his daughter, received 530 cows, three Land Cruiser V8 cars and $10,000. The teenager reportedly was bid on by five men, including senior officials in the South Sudanese government."
"Look and you will find it - what is unsought will go undetected." Sophocles  "More than 100 pesticides and 21 drugs were detected in the 29 waterways analysed in 10 European nations, including the UK. A quarter of the chemicals identified are banned, while half of the streams analysed had at least one pesticide above permitted levels."
I signed this petition. If you  care about our oceans and wildlife, please sign.  “Nestlé: stop endangering our oceans, our communities, and wildlife around the world.”
"»Grunden til, at vi har lukket kirkegården af, er, fordi vi er ved at efterforske derude. Det er en udløber af det på Blågårds Plads i formiddag,« siger central efterforskningsleder Kenneth Jensen.  Her henviser han til, at politiet undersøgte en mistænkelig genstand, som efter alt at dømme er en håndgranat."
Worth watching!
"Over 750 klimaaktivister er anholdt i London. Klimademonstrationerne fortsætter på sjette dag i den britiske hovedstad.  Aktivistgruppen Extinction Rebellion begyndte de fredelige protester mandag ved Parliament Square, Waterloo Bridge og Oxford Circus. Siden har de til tider lammet dele af den britiske hovedstad, hvilket har berørt hundredtusinder af storbyens indbyggere.  - En ting, som er usædvanlig ved denne demonstration, er deltagernes vilje til at blive anholdt samt deres mangel på modstand, når politiet tilbageholder dem, hedder det i en presseerklæring fra det britiske politi."
Greta Thunberg and Jane Goodall both have the same message:   IT'S TIME TO ACT! - IT'S TIME TO REBEL!  Will the leaders of the world please listen?
"Bevægelsen repræsenterer de borgere, der ikke længere vil se passivt til, mens vores politiske ledere sidder det videnskabelige konsensus og advarslerne fra klimaforskerne overhørigt. I overensstemmelse med vores samvittighed og fornuft, erklærer vi os i oprør mod beslutningstagerne, da deres manglende handling på den akutte klima- og biodiversitetskrise truer vores fremtid.  Extinction Rebellion - Oprør mod udryddelse - er en folkebevægelse, der startede i Storbritannien den 31 oktober 2018. Siden da er bevægelsen vokset hastigt og er nu til stede i mere end 35 lande, inklusiv lande i Skandinavien, Europa, Afrika og Asien, såvel som Australien og USA. Det er en verdensomspændende mobilisering som svar på en planetarisk krise.  I Danmark består Extinction Rebellion af frivillige borgere fra alle samfundslag, af forskellige politiske overbevisninger og i alle aldre. Bevægelsen omfatter studerende, akademikere, arbejdstagere såvel som pensionister, der mener, at det er deres pligt at handle nu."
SIR DAVID ATTENBOROUGH: "We are facing a man-made disaster on a global scale."   "We are running out of time, but there is still hope. I believe that if we better understand the threats we face, the more likely it is that we can avoid such a catastrophic future."
"Global carbon levels from 2010 needed to be cut by almost half by 2030, limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius, otherwise the world could be locked into catastrophic climate change.  Many governments are falling short of the commitments they made at the 2015 Paris climate change conference to cut fossil fuel emissions.  In the void left by government inaction, scientists have for years been quietly working on extreme, last-ditch solutions to slow global warming.  These solutions — an attempt to re-engineer the climate system — are known as geoengineering.  Critics say there is a risk that climate hacking will give government and industry an excuse to keep burning the planet.  But no matter how fast the world switches to renewable energy, the age of untested, high-risk geoengineering could soon be upon us.  So what are the most likely fixes and would they really work?"  Read more here: https://ab.co/2EwBmmc
"Organic farming practices often have a very positive effect on yields and the soils capacity to hold water and resist drought. In Uganda, Organic Denmark and a number of local and regional organizations work together on agricultural development based on the Family Farmer Learning Groups model. An approach that, in four years, has improved the lives of more than 17.000 small-scale farmers."
AFRIKANSK MARKED is back on track.   Den 22.-23. juni vil vi være at finde på @[195288893831438:274:Institut for (X), Godsbanen, Aarhus] som del af @[221430958471342:274:Diaraby Jamm Festival].  Festivalen åbner allerede fredag den 21. juni og vil være spækket med vestafrikansk dans og musik. Følg med på festivalens FB-side eller Begivenhed https://www.facebook.com/events/491149868076785/, hvor program og kunstnere løbende præsenteres.  Følg også med på  @[118302252046185:274:Afrikansk Marked Aarhus] Vi vil snart løfte sløret for, hvem der stiller op med en markedsbod denne gang.   https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=467259620483778&id=118302252046185
"Look what a show !!! He was nominated as the best ballet dancer in the world. He is Colombian, born in Buenaventura. His name is Andrés Fernando Montaño and he is part of the Royal Ballet of London."
"The Children's Fire is part of the Earth teachings of the elders of ancient America. Over time the elders came to understand that all human-created institutions needed to reflect the balance and wisdom observed in nature. The Children's Fire was a reminder of the first promise: "No law, no action of any kind, shall be taken that will harm the children". It is now time to re-kindle this fire: in our corporations, governments, religion and education."
"Not only will the first AFNCE be hosted in the heart of Malmö surrounded by entertainment, shopping, nightlife, and many different parks but Under the theme Music Fashion and Art!   The event will bring together several different cultures both on stage and in the audience. With over 7 different cultures represented through fashion and music."
"Tænk, hvis den næste danske regering spændte sig for en dagsorden, som af en stor del af befolkningen vil blive opfattet som meningsfyldt og stærkt motiverende, nemlig bæredygtighed og verdensmål – sådan som visse af de danske kommuner, der allerede nu har engageret sig stærkt i verdensmålene, rapporterer, at det sker.  Må jeg sige det, som det er: Der er ikke mange vælgere, der bliver særlig motiverede og engagerede af at lytte til de temaer og diskussioner, som den igangværende valgkamp indeholder. Tværtimod."  Læs hele kommentaren af Steen Hildebrandt i mandagmorgen https://www.mm.dk/artikel/skriv-klodens-fremtid-ind-i-regeringsgrundlaget?fbclid=IwAR0LUu8ByZk7YReiBm6wl8Fw6vImwyC5-f0sFV4EX_FPs__IaGTM0tKzMlQ#
Beautiful and eco-friendly house built in the traditional ‘rammed earth’ technique using locally sourced materials by @[465366930319001:274:Hive Earth], a construction company based in Accra, Ghana.   To make the house eco-friendly, not only to build but also to live in, the company can install an underground cooling system. By digging around 8 feet or more into the ground they get to the cool air underground and with the use of a solar pump the cool air is constantly brought into the home. The cost of the solar pump is around $300 and then there will be no electricity bills to pay for the air con.  Hive Earth's aim is to build houses that their workers and the majority of Ghanaians and West Africans can afford. A one-room house will cost roughly $5,000. The prototype should be ready by the end of 2019.  Read the article by clicking the picture below.
"This is America’s dirty little secret.  Sex trafficking—especially when it comes to the buying and selling of young girls—has become big business in America, the fastest growing business in organized crime and the second most-lucrative commodity traded illegally after drugs and guns.  As investigative journalist Amy Fine Collins notes,     “It’s become more lucrative and much safer to sell malleable teens than drugs or guns. A pound of heroin or an AK-47 can be retailed once, but a young girl can be sold 10 to 15 times a day—and a ‘righteous’ pimp confiscates 100 percent of her earnings.”  Consider this: every two minutes, a child is exploited in the sex industry.  According to USA Today, adults purchase children for sex at least 2.5 million times a year in the United States."
"Talking to JJ Tabane on Power FM, EFF deputy president Floyd Shivambu addressed the issue of name changes in South Africa, saying he believed ‘South Africa’ had colonial connotations and should be changed to Azania.  “The name South Africa was an attempt to give direction to the colonial output. We must decide as a country to democratically change the name of the country to Azania,” he said.  “Azania is the original name of the Southern tip of Africa, and the research by Professor Es’kiah Mphahlele clearly reveals that the real name of South Africa is actually Azania,” he told Talk Radio 702 at the time"
https://www.facebook.com/pg/africadk/events/?ref=page_internal
Chokerende læsning.
"The client's request was very clear: “an unusual architecture, beautiful and in which not to feel the passage of time”.  The architect makes a radical choice to avoid petrochemical materials, using only wood and earth for the construction, which are worked by hand to seek a deep bond with nature.  Respect for the environment has also guided some technical choices. For example, the stone wall is combined with a thick layer of insulation – 18 cm – that makes the house a passive building, which achieves the highest quality standards required by Japanese regulations."  Click the picture below to get to the gallery with 38 pictures of this beautiful eco-friendly house.
AFRIKANSK MARKED 22.-23. juni 2019  Nedtællingen er begyndt. Om seks uger vil det femte @[1546797545457044:844:Afrikansk Marked] siden maj 2017 løbe af stablen på @[195288893831438:274:Institut for (X), Godsbanen, Aarhus]. Denne gang sammen med @[491149868076785:844:Diaraby Jamm Festival 2019 - Festival for vestafrikansk kultur]. Se denne lille video som en smagsprøve på, hvad du kan forvente. Videoen er fra vores fjerde AFRIKANSK MARKED i Festugen 2018 på Folkestedet i Aarhus.  The countdown has begun. In six weeks time, the fifth @[1546797545457044:844:Afrikansk Marked] since May 2017 will take place at @[195288893831438:274:Institut for (X), Godsbanen, Aarhus]. This time together with @[491149868076785:844:Diaraby Jamm Festival 2019 - Festival for vestafrikansk kultur].  Watch this little video as an appetizer of what to expect. The video is from our fourth AFRIKANSK MARKED in Festugen 2018 at Folkestedet in Aarhus.
THE HAPPY NEWSPAPER. 😃
Nedtællingen er begyndt. Om fem uger (22.-23. juni) vil det femte @[118302252046185:274:Afrikansk Marked Aarhus] siden maj 2017 løbe af stablen på @[195288893831438:274:Institut for (X), Godsbanen, Aarhus]. Denne gang sammen med @[491149868076785:844:Diaraby Jamm Festival 2019 - Festival for vestafrikansk kultur].   Se denne lille video som en smagsprøve på, hvad du kan forvente. Videoen er fra vores fjerde AFRIKANSK MARKED i Festugen 2018 på Folkestedet i Aarhus. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------  The countdown has begun. In five weeks time (22.-23. June), the fifth @[118302252046185:274:Afrikansk Marked Aarhus] since May 2017 will take place at @[195288893831438:274:Institut for (X), Godsbanen, Aarhus]. This time together with @[491149868076785:844:Diaraby Jamm Festival 2019 - Festival for vestafrikansk kultur].   Watch this little video as an appetizer of what to expect. The video is from our fourth African Market in Festugen 2018 at Folkestedet in Aarhus.
AFRIKANSK MARKED Aarhus - nu for femte gang.   Den 22.-23. juni vil @[118302252046185:274:Afrikansk Marked Aarhus] være at finde på @[195288893831438:274:Institut for (X), Godsbanen, Aarhus] som del af @[491149868076785:844:Diaraby Jamm Festival 2019 - Festival for vestafrikansk kultur].   Festivalen åbner allerede fredag den 21. juni og vil være spækket med vestafrikansk dans og musik. @[1546797538790378:844:Afrikansk Marked] er kun med lør. og søn.  AFRIKANSK MARKED  lør. 22. og søn. 23. juni  11.00-18:00.  G R A T I S  .  E N T R É!!!   - vil du handle tager vi imod Mobilepay og kontanter.  https://www.facebook.com/events/1546797538790378/
@[118302252046185:274:Afrikansk Marked Aarhus] - nu for femte gang.  Om godt tre uger (22.-23. juni) vil AFRIKANSK MARKED være at finde på @[195288893831438:274:Institut for (X), Godsbanen, Aarhus]. Denne gang sammen med @[491149868076785:844:Diaraby Jamm Festival 2019 - Festival for vestafrikansk kultur]. Denne lille video er en smagsprøve på, hvad du kan forvente.   In three weeks time (22.-23. June) AFRIKANSK MARKED will be at @[195288893831438:274:Institut for (X), Godsbanen, Aarhus]. This time together with @[491149868076785:844:Diaraby Jamm Festival 2019 - Festival for vestafrikansk kultur]. The video shows examples of what to expect.
I was there among 40.000 other people.😎
TV 2: "Martin Paludan mener ikke, at den hårde retorik, som hans bror fremturer med i offentligheden, bliver taget seriøst nok. Det er nemlig hverken en gimmick eller en strategi, der ligger bag Rasmus Paludans udtalelser, siger han.  - Han mener de ting, han siger. Det er ikke bare sjov og ballade det hele.  - Han mener det, når han sidder og siger i P1-debat, at det ville være bedre for Danmark, hvis Jan E. Jørgensen (V) ikke var der. Det er ikke bare tom retorik. Det mener han, siger Martin Paludan. http://nyheder.tv2.dk/politik/2019-05-29-bror-advarer-stem-ikke-paa-rasmus-paludan#"
»Min bror har altid stemplet folk. Det er ikke islamkritik, det er menneskefjendsk.«  Du skal ikke stemme på Rasmus Paludan.  Det siger hans bror, Martin Paludan, i en video på Facebook.
Og det er Danmark ...   😭
HANDMADE PAPER BEADS  "Take 10 minutes this evening to take a look at this video. Afrinordic Link works closely with a women group called Angelical Ugandan Women’s group Limited. The group was started by eight single mothers and widows in a suburb of Kampala. Our vision for the group is to acquire a physical shop but also create for them a workshop to improve their working conditions.  Part of the proceeds from this years ANFCE will go towards establishing or acquiring a workshop for the women groups such as the Angelica women group in Uganda."  https://www.anfce.com/
"Er der ikke en voksen til stede, der kan stoppe dette vanvid?" spørger Zenia Stampe.  Det er der åbenbart ikke, så jeg spørger:  Er der ikke et barn til stede? Et barn, som den 16-årige Greta Thunberg, der kan tale de voksne til fornuft.   Chikanerierne og provokationerne fra denne person må stoppes, og det kan kun gå for langsomt!
Amazing!
A young genius! 👍🙂
AN EXAMPLE TO FOLLOW FOR DANISH SUPERMARKETS!   @[150731855117246:274:REMA 1000 Danmark], @[125934997444897:274:SuperBrugsen], @[1193641853991219:274:Coop.dk MAD], @[13808707023:274:Netto], @[181909928041:274:føtex], @[273915394506:274:Bilka] ???
"DET ER DIT VALG"  - husk det nu, før du sætter dit kryds i morgen!  "Det er dit valg, om en ny regering skal øge bistanden til de fattigste mennesker i de fattigste lande som hjælp til den nødvendige tilpasning og omstilling og som kompensation for de udgifter, klimaforandringerne påfører landene.  Det er dit valg, om et nyt Folketing skal vedtage en klimalov, der gør Danmark til en drivkraft i international klimapolitik og afsætter mindst fem milliarder kroner ud over udviklingsbistanden til tilpasning og grøn omstilling i de fattigste lande."
https://ekstrabladet.dk/opinionen/nimazamani/i-er-saa-stille-nu-hvor-paludan-har-taget-jeres-kurs-til-ekstremerne/7644789
AFROPUNK May 10, 2019: "“Brick House” is a New York rarity not only in that it is a statue of a woman, but of a Black woman. The city’s so famously short of such pieces that recently its first lady, Charline McCray, helped launch a public arts initiative to make and install such works around the five boroughs. Yet as with all truly great public art, its representational importance is only a part of what makes Leigh’s statue a monumental, therapeutic tour de force. Timing, placement and intent (creative, political, otherwise) all matter. And like the Commodores song the title echoes and whose lyrical metaphors it evokes, “Brick House” is foundational in both how it literally establishes a public image of strong Black femininity, and the meaning brought forth by its 2019 presence in this particular space. In her proximity, the world we populate feels different." https://afropunk.com/2019/05/public-art-therapy-simone-leigh-brick-house/#
Godt gået! TILLYKKE med de 100 år!
<(")  <(")  <(")
😄😄😄
Knud Romer: "Vi lever efterhånden et ubemandet liv ... "
A mystery story? The missing link between man and ape? Or is there an explanation? Scientists set out to find an answer.
The Good News 99% OF FESTIVAL-GOERS' TENTS WERE PICKED UP AFTER  THE GLASTONBURY FESTIVAL  "After years of depressing images of huge fields strewn with abandoned tents and rubbish in the aftermath of music festivals, it was heartening to hear Glastonbury Festival organisers claim that 99% of festival-goers’ tents were picked up after the festival. For a festival of 200,000 people this is a huge achievement. But really it should be normal. Hopefully this bodes well for future years, because the Association of Independent Festivals estimates that a quarter of a million so called “single-use” tents are abandoned at music festivals across the UK each year."
“We must act now to halt and reverse the unsustainable use of nature or risk not only the future we want, but even the lives we currently lead,” states the Chair of IPBES Sir Robert Watson in the videos.  Read the full article about the IPBES Assessment Reports: https://wle.cgiar.org/%E2%80%9Cact-now-halt-and-reverse-unsustainable-use-nature%E2%80%9D-%E2%80%93-videos-bring-life-groundbreaking-biodiversity?fbclid=IwAR1L0fJdjjCL6c4Zr9yXUHZ4lAhKVHc-0_OEZOtlNhV73KYucXmQPwpvHcI
Vi er i fuld gang med at planlægge næste AFRIKANSK MARKED, som bliver søn. 1. sep. på Folkestedet.
"Det, der slog mig, var den bemærkning, der straks fløj ud af munden på en af de stolte førstegenerationsurbanister, efter at hun havde redegjort for provinslivets sorger: "Men dér har de jo heller ikke andet at lave end at føde børn." Jyder yngler som rotter, tænkte jeg et sekund."
Fridays for Future in Kabul.
Er velfærdsstaten og det offentlige blevet menneskefjendsk? Har det liberale tankesæt dehumaniseret offentlige institutioner, og fået folk til at flygte fra offentlige arbejdspladser, børnehaver, sygehuse, folkeskoler,  hjemmeplejen? Har de røde et ansvar? Det diskuterer vi i dagens P1 Debat.  Hør hele udsendelsen her: https://www.dr.dk/radio/p1/p1-debat/p1-debat-2019-08-08?cid=soc_facebook_drnyheder_2zclbhwm
IKONISKE TRÆER "Træer i byen er med til skabe grønne byrum og smukke gadeforløb og danner samtidig levested for fugle og insekter. Også når man taler om klimaforandringer spiller træerne i byen en vigtig rolle. De er med til at danne skygge og nedkøle den tæt bebyggede by og kan tilbageholde store mængder regnvand fra kloakkerne. Træerne har også en positiv indvirkning på os mennesker. De er bærere af fortællinger om tid og sted. Træerne er med til at skabe godt humør og livskvalitet samt forebygge og reducere tilfælde af stress. Københavns Kommune har vedtaget en Træpolitik, som siger at eksisterende træer i København som hovedregel skal bevares og at særligt værdifulde træer i København skal udpeges og bevares. Derfor har Miljøpunktet sammen med borgerne i Indre By og på Christianshavn samlet forslag til, hvilke træer som er kandidater til at blive udnævnt til Københavns ”ikoniske træer”. Dette skete i forbindelse med to byvandringer på hhv. på Christianshavn og i Indre By."  Læs mere: http://a21.dk/2017/05/30/ikonisk/
Beautiful! ❤
TOMME TØNDER BULDRER MEST "Rigtige mænd" om kællinger, motorcykler og den grønne omstilling.
STAKKELS BRØDRE -  PÅ KØL FOR LÆNGE! ☃️☃️  "Brødrene har ligget i supermarkedskølediske og bageriernes glasmontrer fra Frederikshavn i nord til Middelfart i syd - men er blevet for gamle til at sælge. Chauffør Torben Strøm har været forbi 32 forskellige steder alene i dag."  https://www.dr.dk/nyheder/indland/daggammelt-franskbroed-staar-paa-menuen-i-svinestalden-vi-kan-godt-lide-goere
Sæt kryds i kalenderen ved søn. 1. sep. @[118302252046185:274:Afrikansk Marked Aarhus] inviterer for 6. gang til en festlig og farverig dag med vareboder, madboder, afrikanske rytmer og modeshow.  Facebook begivenhed: @[629805370845194:844:Afrikansk Marked • Folkestedet 2019]
DEN GODE FORTÆLLING. ❤
"Den bliver ikke meget mere end fire millimeter lang. Men på trods af sin beskedne størrelse er den verdens farligste dyr.   Anopheles-myggen smitter hvert år mere end 200 millioner mennesker med malaria. Mere end 400.000 dør. Langt over halvdelen er børn under fem år."
CUTE! 🐕🐕🐕
SKANDALØST!!!!!! 👎👎👎 800.000 tons affald fra Australien til Indonesien om året. Ifølge aftalen skulle det være rent, sorteret, genbrugeligt affald. Det er desværre ikke altid tilfældet. Se videoen.  OBS! Det er desværre ikke en enlig svale, tilsvarende trafik  foregår overalt i verden  -  hele tiden!
"Wildfires in the Amazon rainforest have hit a record number this year, according to research carried out by Brazil’s space research centre (INPE)."
Afrikansk Marked • Folkestedet 2019 Søn. 1. september   TELTET 12.30  & 15.00 Basiru suso - Koraspiller
Sustainable headphones of unusual material made from fungus, bacteria and yeast.
Old people 50 years from now. 😄😄😄
"I am not trying to be mean. I just want everyone to be friends." 💕
Well said! 👍🙂
Good idea!
"Knitters from around the world thrash around at the first-ever Heavy Metal Knitting World Championship in eastern Finland. (July 12)"  E N J O Y !!! 😀😀😀
P E R M A K U L T U R
Made my day! 😄
THE FUTURE IS NOW!
DB IS NOW CONSIDERING NIGHT TRAINS "After the DB shutdown of their night trains in 2016, traveling and its climate impacts has come more on the agenda. And travelers has proven they still want to travel comfortable by night."
"Si le climat était une banque on l'aurait déjà sauvé."  "If the climate was a bank we would already have saved it."
Moderne flaskepost.
Greta Thunberg's message on the UN Building in New York.
"Jeg hedder Artur, Jeg er 13 år og jeg vil have bier på taget, høns i skolen, vild natur, nye tanker og fællesskab -  Jeg vil have at det klimatossede bliver det normale!""
NO NATURE = NO FUTURE!  This brilliant little video with Greta Thunberg and George Monbiot from WWF tells us in simple terms what we can do about climate change.
Funny! 😄😄😄
Sensible choice! 👍
😄😄😄
https://unfccc.int/news/winners-of-the-2019-un-climate-action-awards-announced
"Winners of the 2019 UN Climate Action Awards  announced. Today, 15 ground-breaking projects from around the world were announced as winners of the 2019 United Nations Global Climate Action Award. These projects are some of the world’s best and brightest solutions to climate change, led by communities, governments, businesses and organisations.     The celebrated projects range from an in-app mini-program that’s helped plant over 122 million trees, to a “climate positive” burger that’s taking the fast food industry by storm, to an innovative technology that produces clean electricity from the ocean.   “Announced amongst the backdrop of nations signalling their renewed determination to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement, these awards shine a light on 15 incredible examples of scalable climate action around the world,” said Niclas Svenningsen, Manager of the UN Climate Change Global Climate Action Programme." https://unfccc.int/news/winners-of-the-2019-un-climate-action-awards-announced
"Environmental acitivst Greta Thunberg pairs up with documentary filmmaker and author Michael Moore in this exclusive interview with Scandinavian talk show Skavlan.   In the video, 16-year-old Thunberg talks about what she thought of president Trump's tweet about her, and she also comments on the stare that went viral."  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDDDJrxuVYk
Rigtig interessant! Værd at bruge tid på at høre.  👍👍👍 "Vi hører ofte om alle de arter af dyr og planter, som forsvinder. FN taler om den sjette store massedød, men hvad er det for nogen arter der er ved at forsvinde, og hvad betyder det for os. Hvad er værdien af den vilde natur. økosystemerne, og hvad gør de for os? Hvad koster det at miste den friske luft og det rene vand. Hvorfor er biodiversitet vigtigt? Kan vi ikke bare være ligeglade om man bevarer et stykke regnskov på Borneo eller brænder Amazonas af?  Videnskabsjournalist Jens Degett har talt med professor Carsten Rahbek fra Center for Makroøkologi, Evolution og Klima, GLOBE Institute om hvad biodiversiteten betyder for os, og hvad vi kan gøre for at bevare den."
DET KAN VI IKKE VÆRE BEKENDT !!!!! "I en landsby i Malaysia er der blandt plastikaffald fra Tyskland, Frankrig, Portugal og andre EU-lande nu også fundet dansk plastikaffald. Det stammer med al sandsynlighed fra danske husholdninger, der er indsamlet til genanvendelse."  SKRIV UNDER, SÅ VI UNDGÅR AT MERE PLASTIKAFFALD FRA DANMARK ENDER I MALAYSIA.
""Africa has a chance: 70% of the Malian population does not have access to electricity, so they can start using renewable energies directly" said Dr. Ibrahim Togola during the Nyetaa Baro debate."  @ abdoulayekn1
""We want Mali to become self-sufficient in the production of energy using only renewable energy sources.More renewable energy, more jobs for young people!" Collective of associations for the protection of the environment and the  promotion of renewable energies, at Nyetaa Baro organized by MFC Nyetaa."
On the third day of this interesting conference.
"Vi hører tit sætningen: "Danmark kan jo ikke redde hele verden."  "Danmark er et lille land, og det vi gør, betyder ingenting i den store sammenhæng." "Det er noget sniksnak"', siger Steen Hildebrandt. DET KAN ANBEFALES AT BRUGE 2 MIN. PÅ AT LYTTE TIL DENNE KLOGE MAND!
"Solceller på kommunale tage, 16.000 gadelys med mere energivenlige LED-pærer og besparelser på vand og varme i kommunens institutioner har givet et kæmpe skub på den grønne omstilling i Skive Kommune. Kommunen har mellem 2008-2018 reduceret sit CO2-udslip med 63,3 procent på alle kommunens arbejdsområder og institutioner.  ”Det giver sindssygt store besparelser at gøre det her, både for CO2, men bestemt også på økonomien. Vi havde ikke gjort det, hvis ikke der var en fornuftig forretning i det,” siger Karl Egeriis Krogshede, der er klimakoordinator i Skive Kommune."  Han fortæller, at kommunen på 15 år har sparet over 230 millioner kroner ved at sænke energi- og vandforbruget.
"Erklæringen bliver offentliggjort netop nu, fordi det er 40 år siden den første konference om klimaet blev afholdt i Geneve i 1979. - På trods af 40 års globale klimaforhandlinger har vi – med nogle få undtagelser – ikke haft held til komme ud af denne knibe. Det er særligt bekymrende, at klimaet er tæt på at overskride nogle grænser, hvorfra der muligvis ikke er nogen vej tilbage. Disse kædereaktioner på klimaområdet kan gøre betydelig skade på økosystemer, samfund og økonomier, og potentielt gøre store dele af Jorden ubeboelig, skriver videnskabsfolkene"
https://www.borgerforslag.dk/se-og-stoet-forslag/?Id=FT-03079
Amazing ... 💕
"Fra april 2021 skal producenterne af hårde hvidevarer og belysning i EU sørge for, at produkterne får en længere minimumslevetid, er mere energieffektive og at reservedele er tilgængelige i op til 10 år efter et produkt er kommet på markedet. Samtidig skal produkterne designes på en måde, så de mest essentielle dele kan repareres eller udskiftes af andre end producenten selv."
Amazing. 🙂
Rappe fødder! 🙂🙂🙂
By EUOBSERVER:  "Polish authorities arrested two people accused of planning violent attacks against Muslims inspired by Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik and suspected white supremacist Brenton Tarrant in New Zealand, the security forces said on Wednesday. "The arrests are the result of information collected earlier by the Internal Security Agency (ABW) about an extremist group whose aim was to intimidate Muslims living in Poland," the statement said."
"Danmark har problemer med biodiversiteten og vandmiljøet, konkluderer den internationale økonomiske organisation OECD i en ny evaluering af den danske miljøpolitik.  I evalueringen anbefaler OECD derfor, at man forebygger pesticidforbrug omkring drikkevandszoner, først og fremmest via frivillige tiltag, og øger overvågningen af pesticider og deres nedbrydningsprodukter i grundvandet samt forureningen af overfladevand."
HVIS IKKE DU HAR SKREVET UNDER, SÅ KAN DU NÅ DET ENDNU.  FRISTEN ER 8. DEC. FOR AT NÅ 50.00O STEMMER.  SKRIV UNDER HER: https://www.borgerforslag.dk/se-og-stoet-forslag/?Id=FT-03079  BORGERFORSLAG: Øjeblikkeligt ophør med salg af Roundup og andre bekæmpelsesmidler til privat brug i haver og på offentlige fællesarealer
https://www.facebook.com/TheAnimalClub.net/videos/1273623152762854/
Amazing! 🙂
Awful! 😥😥😥
Så lykkedes det! 👍🙂
Ret enkelt!
Steen Hildebrandt.skriver: "I debatten om bæredygtighed og FN’s verdensmål overser vi ofte, at det handler om meget andet og mere end klimaet. Vi skal forstå, at bæredygtighed er nødt til at være en styrende værdi på mange områder – også når det gælder politisk ømme områder som velfærdssamfundet."
"Why Are Some of Spain’s Biggest Polluters Sponsoring U.N. Climate Summit? A group of climate activists walked out of a panel at the U.N. climate summit in Madrid on Thursday to protest the presence of Shell, BP and Chevron. Representatives from the oil companies were taking part in an event organized by the International Emissions Trading Association.  This comes as the Spanish government is facing criticism for reaching out to Endesa, Spain’s biggest corporate greenhouse gas polluter, to sponsor the U.N. climate talks.  We speak with Pascoe Sabido, a researcher and campaigner for the Corporate Europe Observatory, who has been organizing toxic tours of Madrid to expose the corporations and financiers driving the climate crisis."
Rappe fødder! 🙂
FORENINGEN BROBYGGERNE  – CENTER FOR DIALOGKAFFE  BLIV MEDLEM, OG HJÆLP TIL MED AT GØRE DANMARK TIL ET BEDRE STED AT VÆRE. Det koster DKK 100,00 om året.  "Foreningens formål er at fremme dialogen mellem befolkningsgrupper i Danmark. Foreningens vision er et samfund, der bygger på og fremmer de danske traditioner for forskellighed og uenighed, hvor alle kan føle sig ligeværdige og velkomne i en samtale, som er kritisk og konstruktiv. Med det for øje skal centret tage initiativer for at bygge bro mellem forskellige grupper og individer. Vi håber, at vi i fællesskab kan starte en massebevægelse, hvor den enkelte borger tager personligt ansvar for samtalen. Derfor håber vi, at du vil melde dig ind som medlem og også vil opfordre dine venner til at være medlemmer hos Brobyggerne. Målet med massebevægelsen skal ikke være, at alle skal blive enige, men at vi skal udvikle og skærpe evnen til at rumme vores uenighed og forskellighed. Det er en gigantisk udfordring og kan være en smertefuld proces, men det er fundamentet for et vitalt og bæredygtigt demokrati."
MAN BLIVER SÅ TRÆT. 😥
NOT GOOD! 👎👎👎😥😥😥
"Did Greta Thunberg travel on the floor or was she sitting comfortably in first class? Climate activist Greta Thunberg’s tweet from a crowded German train became big news in Germany. Her altercation with the country’s national railway company has started a debate about the German train situation, and about who is telling the truth."  DN’s team were on the train – and have the answer.
DET NYTTER! 🥰
DET VAR DA OGSÅ PÅ TIDE!
"Tech-giganter sagsøges i USA for at være medansvarlige for børns død og lemlæstelse i koboltminer i Den Demokratiske Republik Congo. Sagen er anlagt af familier og pårørende til minearbejdere, som hævder, at kobolten ender i tech-virksomhedernes batterier."
Danwatch har samlet de 10 mest læste historier i 2019. "Kigger man ned over de 10 mest læste nyheds- og perspektiv historier på Danwatch i 2019, så er det tydeligt, at der er noget dragende ved at læse om virksomheder og aktører, som vi forventer har rent mel i posen. Sådan er virkeligheden dog ikke altid. Derfor har vi samlet de nyheder, som vores læsere brugte mest tid på i 2019. "
"Forskere fra det Nationale Atmospheric Deposition Programme, der arbejder med Department of Interiors amerikanske geologiske undersøgelser, fandt giftige kemiske per- og polyfluoralkylstoffer ( PFAS ) i regnvandsprøver fra hele landet, ifølge The Guardian. Stofferne kaldes for evigt kemikalier, fordi de ikke nedbrydes i miljøet. Eksponering for PFAS er blevet knyttet til forskellige lidelser, herunder kræft hos mennesker og dyr, især i nyrer og testikler. De er også blevet knyttet til skjoldbruskkirtelsygdom, svækket immunitet og andre sygdomme, som NBC News rapporterede."  https://www.facebook.com/224014278047231/posts/825045057944147/
Happy New Year to all my friends on Facebook.
Den lille østat Palau i Stillehavet, som består af 500 øer med en befolkning på knap 18.000 indfører forbud mod solcreme for at redde koralrevene.  👍👍👍👍👍 "Det er nu både forbudt at importere, købe og sælge næsten alle typer solcremer, da de fleste indeholder kemikalier, der er giftige for de mange koralrev i østaten.  Hvert år bliver der ledt mellem 6.000 og 14.000 ton solcreme ud i havene rundt omkring på planeten. Det sker typisk, fordi cremen bliver vasket af turister, der tager sig en svømmetur eller dykker med snorkel. Og de mange tons svarer, ifølge Oceanic Society, til mellem 25 og 60 millioner tuber solcreme hvert eneste år."
AMAZING! ☺️
"Varmerekord i Norge: 19 grader celsius har man målt i Sunndalsora. Hele 25 grader over den gennemsnitlige temperatur for måneden."
"This story has a happy ending, because in this rare case the plantation owners had a heart and reached out to UK-based charity International Animal Rescue (IAR) to seek aid for the expecting mom.  An IAR team backed by local forest officials arrived on the scene after several hours of journeying through a still-smoldering forest that had just been freshly burned. When they finally arrived, they were shocked to find not only Boon-Mee but three other orangutans."
"The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that climate change is something only hippies should care about. By this view, commonly expressed by conservative politicians, fixing climate change is only for bleeding-hearts who care more about hugging trees than making money."
"I weekenden 3.-4. januar var et sandt verdensomspændende nyhedsstormvejr brudt ind over Vester Hanherred: Eks-beatlen og fredsapostlen John Lennon og hans japansk fødte kone, avantgardekunstneren Yoko Ono, var i Danmark, ja, i det nordvestjyske."
"I midten af december trillede 48 elbusser ud på to af de store buslinjer i København og Frederiksberg. Elbusserne på linje 2A og 18 vil spare 4.300 ton CO2 om året, hvilket næsten svarer til en fjerdel af de to kommuners samlede CO2-udledning fra buslinjer."
SLAVE MARKET  -  online on Google, Facebook and Instagram. 😥😥😥  "At the centre of this powerful investigative film is Fatou, a 16 year old in Kuwait City who has been there for nine months. We follow her rescue and journey back home to Guinea, West Africa and ask: what’s being done to control the apps promoted on Google, Apple and Facebook-owned Instagram?"
KLIMABEDRAGET   "Klimakompensation er blevet et af de vigtigste værktøjer for privatpersoner, virksomheder og stater i kampen mod den globale opvarmning. Det sker gennem køb af kreditter fra CO2-reducerende projekter i udlandet for millioner af kroner. Men virker det? Politikens gravergruppe følger kreditterne og undersøger, om vi kan stole på de grønne løfter."
"After the smoke haze hit Melbourne on Monday, Ambulance Victoria recorded a 51% increase in calls for breathing difficulties"
"The Earth is a watery place. In fact, 71 percent of our planet is covered in water [1]. Despite this, one in nine people do not have access to safe drinking water – that’s around 785 million people [2].  The trouble is, 96.5 percent of all Earth’s water is found in the oceans in the form of saline water, and is not drinkable for humans. That only leaves us with rivers, lakes, and groundwater to satisfy our water needs [1].  According to the World Economic Forum, the global water crisis ranks as the number four risk in terms of impact on society [3]. Let’s face it – humans need water to survive."
STRESS RELIEVER ACTIVITIES!  - Not for me. I got stress just by watching the video. 😥
"Europe is home of a lot of unique buildings and cultural wonders. However, some of them are out of the ordinary and the village of Equihen Plage is one of them. Located on the coast of northern France, this peaceful place has beautiful beach, nice camping sites and cozy homes.  Residents of the village live in upside down boats. Today, living in such a small space, instead of a modern house seems unnecessary. But, the locals are devoted to preserving their culture and history."
"I want to make the Italian education system the first education system that puts the environment and society at the core of everything we learn in school." Lorenzo Fioramonti, Education Minister for Italian schools  "When the school year starts in September 2020, all Italian children will be getting brand new classes on climate change."
"After rolling out a national strategy to drastically reduce plastic use by 2021 last year, Costa Rica is now taking its environmental protection efforts a step further by banning the use of styrofoam containers."
"Demokratikonference havde fire forsvarsadvokater på talerlisten – blandt andet tidligere juraprofessor Eva Smith. Og dem er der brug for. Omkring 10 procent af Danmarks befolkning kan ikke deltage i demokratiet."
"Why is 2020 a ‘super year’ for biodiversity? This year, the 196 Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity will negotiate a new global framework to safeguard all life on Earth. And there’s more..."  https://www.cbd.int/article/2020-01-03-19-45-58
»Sæsonen med brande vil starte tidligere, slutte senere, og brandene vil være mere intense. Disse effekter vil vokse over tid, men være tydelige i 2020.«  Sådan lyder en af hovedkonklusionerne i en rapport fra 2008, som blev bestilt af den australske regering, der ønskede en vurdering af effekterne af den globale opvarmning på landet.
"A 2008 report commissioned by the Australian government predicted that climate change would cause the fire season to start earlier and be more intense after about 2020."
"The NZ Herald reports that sales of some vegetables have soared by up to 300 percent after a number of New Zealand supermarkets ditched plastic packaging.  A group of supermarkets have abandoned the use of plastic wrapping for virtually all of their fruit and vegetables in a project labelled ‘food in the nude’."
Danmarks bedste portrætmaler.
Cu-cumba...🥒🥒🥒 😎
R E S P E K T !!!  "Rasmus Madsen er 100 procent klimakæmper. Han er manden bag de tre store klimastrejker i Sønderborg og han er at finde alle steder, hvor der er mulighed for at råbe politikerne og befolkningen op. Kampen for kloden er en kamp, han ikke bare kan lade andre kæmpe, men det er også en kamp, som tager på kræfterne og fører ubehageligheder med sig."  "Jeg gør det her, fordi jeg ikke ønsker at være bange for i morgen, og at vi i Sønderborg Kommune har et ungeklimaråd, ser jeg som en fantastisk mulighed for at få budskabet igennem. Vi har nemlig brug for alle."
Bad News! 👎
"Forurening med flammehæmmere og sprøjtegifte resulterede i mere end en million tilfælde af intellektuelle handicaps hos amerikanske børn født mellem 2001 og 2016. Derimod faldt tallene for negativ eksponering for kviksølv og bly markant samme periode. Det skriver Neuroscience News den 14. januar 2020 med New York University (NYU) som kilde."
"In  Ouagadougou, capital of Burkina Faso in west Africa, a school and training programme is combating entrenched attitudes and gender stereotypes that confine women to low-paid unskilled labour, or worse. At the CFIAM, girls and young women, often from disadvantaged backgrounds, can train to be car mechanics, a trade that offers them the skills necessary to enable them to pursue independent lives and achieve a measure of socio-economic progress. Such is the success of CFIAM and its students that it has been the subject of an award-winning documentary Ouaga Girls." http://momentofilm.se/films/ouaga-girls/
WAY TO GO!!  🌞 "France has now set the benchmark in the global effort to save the bees and prevent “ecological Armageddon.”  The country banned all 5 of the neonicotinoid pesticides that researchers are blaming for collapsing bee populations.  The move follows the European Union’s ban of  the three worst offenders — clothianidin, imidacloprid and thiamethoxam — in crop fields starting last month.  France has banned these three along with thiacloprid and acetamiprid, not only outdoors but in greenhouses too.  Studies have shown that neonicotinoids cut bees’ sperm count and scramble their memory and homing skills. The latest research suggests  bees can develop a dangerous addiction to the insecticides, much like smokers for nicotine.  The ban is celebrated by beekeepers and environmentalists, but cereal and sugar beet farmers warn it could leave them defenseless in protecting their crops against harmful insects,  The Telegraph reports.  Introduced in the mid-1990s, synthetic neonicotinoids share the chemical structure of nicotine and attack the central nervous system of insects.  The United Nations warned last year that 40 percent of pollinators – particularly bees and butterflies – risk global extinction."
"Borgmesteren i Barcelona vil arbejde for at forhindre indenrigsflyvninger til Madrid, da der i forvejen er et brugtbart alternativ med tog."
COTON BIO  "Le président burkinabé, Roch Marc Christian Kaboré, a inauguré à Koudougou, jeudi 30 janvier, une usine d’égrenage de coton biologique présentée comme la première en Afrique de l’Ouest.  Erigée dans les locaux de la direction régionale de la Société des fibres et textiles (Sofitex), elle va permettre de transformer 130 tonnes de coton graines en fibres par jour, contribuant à consolider la durabilité de la filière biologique et l’autonomisation des femmes, qui représentent 58 % des employés du secteur."
Tony Benn (1925 - 2014), formerly 2nd Viscount Stansgate, was a British politician on the left of the Labour Party (MP 1951 - 2001).
GOOD ADVICE !!! 👍🙂 "Never take peace and prosperity for granted. Value it, fight for it and defend it every day."
Thumbs up for China!  👍👍👍👍👍🙂
Årets første høst af ramsløg fra min lille skovhave. Mere end en måned tidligere end normalt.
THE STORY ABOUT A PLASTIC SPOON. 😥 (2 min. video in English with French subtitles).
HAPPY WEEKEND! 🕺💕
THUMBS UP FOR THIS CLEVER AND HARDWORKING WOMAN !!! 👍👍👍 Learned the Hydrophonic System on the intrnet and now runs her own successful Backyard Farming Business in Harara, the capital of Zimbabwe.🥬🥬🥬
"The world’s largest manufacturer of chlorpyrifos, an agricultural pesticide linked to brain damage in children, has announced that it will stop producing the chemical by the end of the year."
GREAT NEWS !  "Rwanda’s miracle continues to unfold as the country is on track to become the first African country where 100% of citizens have piped water. Currently households in Rwanda accessing improved source of water stand at 85 per cent countrywide. Within the next five years ‘the land of a thousand hills’ is set to see 100 percent of its population connected to piped water, effectively ticking off another milestone in the country’s proverbial rise."
Interesting!
One Nation Senator Malcolm Roberts on Sky News Australia.  "Mr. Roberts said the Bureau of Meteorology “has never proven that carbon dioxide from human activity affects temperatures” and urged anyone with proof to convince him otherwise.    “Empirical evidence states that the temperature is not increasing,” he said."
Amazing Hobbit-like home in the beautiful nature of Wales.
"Four Australians are among 66 new confirmed cases of coronavirus aboard the quarantined Diamond Princess cruise ship bringing the total number of infected passengers and crew to 135."
"Vindkraft dækkede hele 27,4 pct. af elforbruget i EU 28 søndag den 9. februar. Det er den højeste andel nogensinde - efter at vindkraften i december sidste år kom op på 26,2 pct."
"Hollandske klimaaktivister har vundet en monumental retssag over den hollandske regering. Næsten otte år efter at de første akter blev indgivet i sagen, faldt dommerhammeren lige før jul i højesteretten i Haag over regeringen: Holland skal med det samme skrue op for hastigheden i arbejdet med at sænke sine CO2-udledninger."
This is hilarious. 🤣🤣🤣
GOOD NEWS ! 👍🙂 "For få år siden var Klang-floden stadig så fyldt med affald, at den nærmest var en våd losseplads. Floden, der flyder gennem Malaysias hovedstad Kuala Lumpur, var nogle steder så proppet med plastik og andet skrald, at både knapt kunne komme igennem. Og store mængder af plastik flød videre ud i havet.  Men siden 2016 har myndighederne ryddet op i floden og fjernet 50.000 tons affald fra floden og dens bredder, hvor der ofte blev dumpet skrald ulovligt. Det skriver nyhedsmediet Breaking Asia. Ifølge den malaysiske avis The Star er vandkvaliteten i floden også blevet bedre, og byen har nu planer om at udvikle økoturismen i området ved at bygge en 1,6 km lang gangbro langs floden, så turister kan komme helt tæt på mangrovetræerne."
"College students living in a hostel in the western Indian state of Gujarat have complained that they were made to strip and show their underwear to female teachers to prove that they were not menstruating."
"Recognizing “food is medicine,” a Boston hospital puts an organic farm on its roof."
Støt med 50 kr. til et måltid til ofrene for græshopperne i Kenya.
😀😀😀
"Concerns are growing over the illegal export of plastic waste to Malaysia from Italy after an undercover Greenpeace investigation found that Italian companies are sidestepping laws to create a dumping ground abroad." 😡😡😡
"At the edge of the French capital, an urban farm is being built that will supply residents with a tonne of food a day. Currently being renovated, the Paris Expo Porte de Versailles is set to become home to the world’s largest urban rooftop farm next year."
Tillykke med fødselsdagen, Berit. Håber der i Kbh. er solskin og forår i luften,  som der er i dag her i det jyske. Ha' en rigtig dejlig dag.  🎁🎂🍹⚘💕
The tool lending library.  GREAT IDEA! 👍👍👍🙂🙂🙂
"Wielding little more than a pencil, a slide rule and one of the finest mathematical minds in the country, Mrs. Johnson, who died at 101 on Monday at a retirement home in Newport News, Va., calculated the precise trajectories that would let Apollo 11 land on the moon in 1969 and, after Neil Armstrong’s history-making moonwalk, let it return to Earth."
❤❤❤
Ulven kommer ...
😥😥😥
Italian doctor at heart of illness shares chilling coronavirus thoughts  "The doctor urged people not to describe Covid-19 as a bad case of the flu.  “Now, explain to me which flu virus causes such a rapid drama. … And while there are still people who boast of not being afraid by ignoring directions, protesting because their normal routine is ‘temporarily’ put in crisis, the epidemiological disaster is taking place,” he said.  “Cases are multiplying, we arrive at a rate of 15-20 admissions per day all for the same reason. The results of the swabs now come one after the other: positive, positive, positive. Suddenly the E.R. is collapsing.”
CORONAVIRUS /  “Derfor skal du tage coronavirus alvorligt. Ikke for din egen skyld, hvis du er sund og rask, men for alle omkring dig i samfundet, der ikke er så heldige som dig. Vi, dine naboer, har brug for din ansvarlighed”, skriver Lena Nyhus, der selv er i risikogruppe.
#CORONAVIRUS
#CORONAVIRUS
#CORONAVIRUS
"Named to evoke the vital internal layers of a tree’s living structure, Xylem, designed by celebrated architect Francis Kéré, is a place where visitors may gather to converse, contemplate the views of the aspen and cottonwood trees near the bank of the creek, or sit and meditate in solitude. This film follows the making of this sculpture." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iucBca6qYh4&feature=youtu.be
#CORONAVIRUS
#CORONAVIRUS  Uansvarligt og torskedumt! 👎😡
#CORONAVIRUS WHO Director-General's opening remarks at the media briefing on COVID-19 - 13 March 2020  "Our message to countries continues to be:  YOU MUST TAKE A COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH. - Not testing alone.  - Not contact tracing alone.  - Not quarantine alone.  - Not social distancing alone. DO IT ALL !!!  Any country that looks at the experience of other countries with large epidemics and thinks “that won’t happen to us” is making a deadly mistake. It can happen to any country."
Lyt til Egon. Han har en plan. 👍
Coronakoncert lige nu med Makadem fra Kenya.
Rappe fødder! 🕺💃🎶💕
Endnu et vidunderbarn. 🎶🥰
Sidste coronakoncert. Lige nu gamle folkeviser fra Fanø.
"Necessity, they say is the mother of inventions and a young Ghanaian man, Richard Kwarteng Aning, together with his team has given credence to the saying. Reiterating the need for safety from Coronavirus, the 32-year-old has manufactured a hand-washing sink powered by solar energy.  How it works: Being a sensor, the sink pours out soap upon detection and begins sounding an alarm to get the individual ready for the outflow of water. The sink has been programmed such that as soon as the alarm goes off, water flows out for 25 seconds, enough to get hands thoroughly cleaned. The mavericks created the system in a two-way channel, one to pump clean water and the other to drain soapy water, after which it flows out from a tap beneath the sink. This invention has solved the problem of having to open and close taps, therby re-staining hands with germs."  https://www.adomonline.com/ghanaian-invents-sensor-hand-washing-sink-from-scraps-photosvideo/?fbclid=IwAR2mdm7BTB2Shh68i5qermCaFG_MU9sediVRnjOBrcOWJr228FQM17UjSyY
UNICEF Burkina Faso Offentliggjort den 24. mar. 2020  "Légende du hip-hop burkinabè, Smarty s’engage avec l’UNICEF, dans la prévention au Coronavirus, également appelé COVID-19. Il signe une chanson à destination de la population pour encourager l’adoption des bons gestes qui permettent de prévenir la propagation du virus.   « A l’arrivée du coronavirus au Burkina Faso, j’ai commencé à entendre de fausses informations sur la maladie. C’est pour lutter contre ces rumeurs qui peuvent être dangereuses pour la population que j’ai composé ce titre avec l’UNICEF », a dit Smarty. « Avec la musique l’objectif est de toucher les esprits et les cœurs pour diffuser les bonnes informations, celles qui sauveront nos enfants ».  Le coronavirus est un virus qui se transmet par contact direct avec les gouttelettes respiratoires produites par une personne infectée lorsqu’elle tousse ou éternue et au contact de surfaces contaminées par le virus. Le virus COVID-19 peut survivre sur les surfaces pendant plusieurs heures, mais de simples désinfectants peuvent le tuer.  L’UNICEF et les agences des Nations Unies sont aux côtés du Gouvernement pour prévenir l’expansion du virus. Des animateurs ont été formés pour informer les populations des mesures à prendre pour se protéger et éviter les rassemblements notamment lors des opérations de réponses à la crise humanitaire.  Les symptômes du coronavirus peuvent inclure de la fièvre, de la toux et un essoufflement. Dans les cas les plus graves, l’infection peut provoquer une pneumonie ou des difficultés respiratoires. Plus rarement, la maladie peut être mortelle.   Il existe des modes de préventions efficaces : autant que possible se laver fréquemment les mains à l’eau et au savon, se couvrir la bouche et le nez avec le pli du coude ou un mouchoir en cas de toux ou d’éternuement, évitez tout contact rapproché avec des personnes présentant des symptômes comparables à ceux d’un rhume ou de la grippe et appelez un médecin en cas de fièvre, de toux ou de difficultés à respirer. Dans ce cas, il est également essentiel d’appeler le numéro gratuit 35 35 pour signaler son état de santé.  A ce jour, le virus a infecté plus de 357 000 personnes à travers le monde et fait plus de 15 000 morts. Au Burkina Faso, on dénombre une centaine de cas confirmés et quatre décès. L’UNICEF a besoin de 8,9 millions de dollars pour répondre à l’épidémie et contribuer à protéger la population contre le Coronavirus."
Endelig vandt jeg over Helle Lambertsen. Det tog sin tid 😏 Skriv dit bud, uden udregning i kommentarfeltet, ved rigtig bud sender jeg en pb til dig. Tag briller på og væbn dig med tålmodighed.
https://youtu.be/cwarSQEgzAE
The World Now vs Before the corona crises.
"Young and middle-aged people, barely sick with covid-19, are dying from strokes."
"Peter Gladson is India's First & only one-man-band who plays more than 13 instruments (Ukulele, drums, harmonica to name a few), all at once! He takes you through the history of a few of the instruments he plays and also enthralls you with his engaging performance.  Gladson is carrying 25 kg of instruments on himself and coordinating 13 instruments He is inspiring both young and old to push themselves to their limits and follow their passion. 25 years old, 25 kgs, 13 instruments and a set of damaged lungs, one needs to experience his magic, first hand."
Inspired by Chet Atkins at the age of seven, Tommy Emmanuel taught himself to play the guitar.
I was notified that I won this challenge from Jette Bækgaard Andersen and now someone needs to win it from me. No explanations, please. If you start showing your work/explaining your math, I will delete your comment. Just list your answer. According to the rules relayed to me, the winner(s) will be notified via Messenger.
God weekend! 💃💃💃🕺🕺🕺
Girl power! 🥰
"Sharon Stone's sister hospitalised with Covid-19. "Actor Sharon Stone blames ‘non-mask wearers’ for sister Kelly Stone’s condition and calls on viewers to support Joe Biden and Kamala Harris in US presidential run.'   https://www.instagram.com/tv/CD93GU6J_OL/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link
"Facebook bugner i disse dage med mundbindsskeptikere, som deler 'gode' råd med hinanden om, hvordan man kan undgå at bruge mundbind eller visir i bus, tog eller taxa uden at blive smidt af eller få en bøde.  Ifølge de mange opslag skal man blot sige, at man får vejrtrækningsbesvær eller kvælningsfornemmelser af at bruge mundbind, hvis personalet i den kollektive trafik henvender sig.  Skulle personalet betvivle den forklaring, kan man blot henvise til paragraf 4, stk. 5 i bekendtgørelsen om krav om mundbind, skriver flere på sociale medier."
👍😊
"Byggematerialer af halm og ler og et antal kvadratmeter, der ikke lyder af ret meget. Sådan kan fremtidens huse meget vel komme til at se ud.  De såkaldte Tiny Houses bliver nemlig mere og mere populære, og i denne uge er et helt hold kursister på Nordisk Folkecenter for vedvarende energi i Ydby i Thy for at lære, hvordan man bygger dem."
Se de 8 videoer fra Tiny House byggekursus på Nordisk Folkecenter for Vedvarende Energi: https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9vuawmFXuGkJumhxD5MkhwNyPGG3cvuV
"Transport bosses in Greater Manchester confirmed a snake was not a valid face covering." 😷😷😷
https://m.facebook.com/groups/610017515676753?view=permalink&id=3681048498573624
"Wefood Vejle bliver vores største butik i Danmark, og foruden gode madvarer til en lavere pris, vil vi også sælge genbrugstøj og non-food-varer som f.eks. servietter, lys, køkkenredskaber og andet, som supermarkeder og detailkæder ikke længere ønsker i deres sortiment."  Wefood satser på at åbne butikken i  november, afhængig af, hvornår de har fået samlet et stort nok team af frivillige. Butikken ligger på Dæmningen 34, 7100 Vejle.
SER DET IKKE BARE HYGGELIGT UD? Billedet er fra Nysted Hundepark, Lolland.  Skal vi også ha' en HUNDEPARK i Barrit?  🐕🐕🐕🐩🐩🐩🐕🐩🐕🐩🐕🐩🐕🐩 Så kom til Borgermøde på Sognegården tirsdag den 20. okt. kl. 18, og stem på Borgerforslag nr. 5.
❤❤❤
🤣🤣🤣
Stadig aktuel - desværre! 😷
🤣🤣🤣
https://images.app.goo.gl/cWtLyr4NNfWfK94R7
Spot on! 👍😷
Jul i klimaet og bæredygtighedens tegn på Langeland.
🇩🇰 🇩🇰 🇩🇰 🇩🇰 ❤❤❤❤❤ 🇩🇰 🇩🇰 🇩🇰 🇩🇰
https://www.facebook.com/groups/610017515676753/permalink/3853870097958129/
GODT NYT! 😊 "Næste år afsættes 150 mio. kroner til nedrivning og istandsættelse af boliger i landdistrikterne og yderligere 25 mio. kroner til landsbyfornyelse. De nye midler tilføjes den eksisterende ramme til landsbyfornyelse, som i 2021 udgør 86,2 mio. kroner, så der samlet set er tale om en indsprøjtning på 261 mio. kroner til de kommuner, hvor behovet for nedrivning og landsbyfornyelse er størst."
https://www.dc-supply.dk/
https://www.dc-supply.dk/40-fods-isoleret-container-model-4064/
https://www.dc-supply.dk/specialbygget-beboelse-til-8-personer-ilulissat-groenland/
https://www.dc-supply.dk/indkvartering-af-flygtninge-eller-fleksible-ungdomsboliger/
A.M.E.M. Association Musicale pour les Enfants du Monde https://www.facebook.com/AssociationMusicalePourLesEnfantsDuMonde/
A.M.E.M. Association Musicale pour les Enfants du Monde https://www.facebook.com/AssociationMusicalePourLesEnfantsDuMonde/
A.M.E.M. Association Musicale pour les Enfants du Monde https://www.facebook.com/AssociationMusicalePourLesEnfantsDuMonde/
A.M.E.M. Association Musicale pour les Enfants du Monde https://www.facebook.com/AssociationMusicalePourLesEnfantsDuMonde/
A.M.E.M. Association Musicale pour les Enfants du Monde https://www.facebook.com/AssociationMusicalePourLesEnfantsDuMonde/
A.M.E.M. Association Musicale pour les Enfants du Monde https://www.facebook.com/AssociationMusicalePourLesEnfantsDuMonde/
A.M.E.M. Association Musicale pour les Enfants du Monde https://www.facebook.com/AssociationMusicalePourLesEnfantsDuMonde/
This little video gives you a glimpse of everyday life at École de Musique Ouagadougou.  A.M.E.M. Association Musicale pour les Enfants du Monde https://www.facebook.com/AssociationMusicalePourLesEnfantsDuMonde/
Amazing Art. 👍🥰
"Sammenhængen på tværs af landet og øget decentralisering var i fokus, da statsminister Mette Frederiksen (S) fredag aften holdt sin anden nytårstale. Regeringen er på vej med nye initiativer, der skal bringe nærheden tilbage. Budskaberne bliver modtaget med klapsalver fra Landdistrikternes Fællesråd."
Japanese house in just two hours.
❤❤❤
Adfærdsbadge Varen er gratis, dog betales pakning og forsendelse (kr. 37,50 inkl. moms for 2 stk).
Doner en 🥪 SANDWICH 🥪 til 25 kr.  MobilePay 725853 (Skraldecafeen) Skriv 'SANDWICH' i beskedfeltet. ❤😷❤😷❤😷❤😷❤😷❤
EN RIGTIG SOLSTRÅLEHISTORIE  🌞❤🌞❤🌞❤🌞❤🌞❤🌞
These dogs are amazing! ❤
HAPPY ENDING!  ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Mens vi diskuterer de nye kostRÅD i Danmark ... 🥬🥦🥕🧅🍎🍐  ... er chilenernes forbrug af sodavand  faldet med næsten 25 procent efter INDGREB fra regeringen. Forsker kalder den type LOVGIVNING ”nødvendig”.
HER  FÅR MAN MEGET FOR PENGENE  Kjellerup i Østjylland: 2.000 kvadratmeter bygninger og et jordareal på 95.000 kvadratmeter til en pris på 1,5 mio.
HAPPY ENDING. ❤❤❤
TÆT PÅ TRÆER  "TÆT PÅ TRÆER sætter fokus på klimaet og den stigende interesse for at komme tæt på naturen. Sammen med tekstilkunstner Tina Ratzer skal tusind danskere skabe det store fællesværk ‘Tæt på træer’, der skal udstilles i det offentlige rum i uge 34 og derefter på Trapholt.  Tæt på Træer bliver en kæmpe kunstinstallation i form af en kunstig skov, som man kan gå ind i og opholde sig i. Skovens mange blade sys i patchwork af projektets deltagere. Hver deltager bidrager med en patchworkblok, hvor motivet er et blad. Deltagerne bestemmer, hvilket individuelle blad de vil bringe til skoven og inviteres ved aflevering til at fortælle om bagrunden og historien for deres valg af blad."
"Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, I'm begging of you please don't hesitate," she sang. "Vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, vaccine, 'cause once you're dead then that's a bit too late."  https://twitter.com/DollyParton/status/1366866210852323328?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1366866210852323328%7Ctwgr%5E%7Ctwcon%5Es1_c10&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.opb.org%2Farticle%2F2021%2F03%2F03%2Ffrom-jolene-to-vaccine-dolly-parton-gets-covid-19-shot-she-helped-fund%2F
"Universitetet i Uppsala i Sverige er i samarbejde med Region Uppsala gået i gang med et projekt, som skal uddanne svenske hunde til at opsnuse corona i mennesker. Træningen af hundene sker i samarbejde med Hundhjälpen Uppland og Stock Hundutveckling, og planerne er, at flere racer skal indgå i træningen, der forventes at tage cirka tre måneder. Det er meningen, at hundene skal bruges på togstationer, lufthavne og andre steder med store forsamlinger af mennesker."
Hilarious!
God påske! 🐣🐥
Tiny House
"Carl-A. Fechner und das gesamte fechnerMEDIA Team trauern um den dänischen Visionär auf dem Gebiet der Erneuerbaren Energien, Dr. Preben Maegaard, der am 25.03.2021 im Alter von 85 Jahren nach langer Krankheit friedlich im Schlaf von uns gegangen ist."  "Mit ihm verlässt uns ein Vorbild und Freund, der neben seinem einzigartigen beruflichen Wirken für mich persönlich, für die inhaltliche Ausrichtung meiner Arbeit, für mein Engagement und viele meiner Entscheidungen von größter Bedeutung war. Ein Vorkämpfer, der für den Kampf um die Erhaltung unserer Erde von unschätzbare Bedeutung war und ist und bleiben wird. Ich bin sehr froh, dass ich ihm in meinem Film DIE 4. REVOLUTION schon vor zehn Jahren ein gebührendes und weltweit beachtetes Denkmal setzen konnte." - Carl-A. Fechner
https://www.facebook.com/groups/402483804159031/permalink/466352307772180/
𝗩𝗘𝗥𝗗𝗘𝗡𝗦𝗕𝗔𝗟𝗟𝗘𝗧𝗧𝗘𝗡 𝗜 𝗔𝗚𝗚𝗘𝗥
Kære Runa Tillykke med fødselsdagen. Håber du har haft en dejlig dag og er blevet behørigt fejret. 🎁🎂🍾🎉🇩🇰❤🇩🇰 Sommerfuglen på billedet er spottet i dag i  min 'vild-med-vilje'-have.  Den eneste, som sad stille længe nok med udslåede  vinger, så jeg kunne tage et foto. 😊
Upside Down.
Barrit - bedst i længden.
❤❤❤❤❤
Barcelona går foran!   "I Barcelona besluttede man allerede i 2017, at alle forurenende biler, der er ældre end 20 år, ikke længere måtte køre i byen på hverdage fra januar 2020 – medmindre man var villig til at betale bøder på op til 1800 euro. Indførelsen af miljøzonen omfattede omkring 50.000 af byens mest forurenende biler og motorcykler. Derfor fik indbyggerne et valg om at skifte deres gamle bil ud med tre års gratis offentlig transport – og det har virkelig båret frugt."
No windows! 🥺  "Charles Munger, a billionaire and philanthropist, designed a towering dorm with largely windowless bedrooms for the University of California in Santa Barbara. An architect who consulted for the university called the design "unsupportable" and resigned."
NET ZERO BY 2050 ...  BLAH BLAH BLAH
Frank Hvam: "I min uundværlige Weekendavisen skriver Klaus Wivel i sin leder i sidste uge blandt andet: »Klimaaktivismens svulstige dommedagskværnen og urealistiske krav om 'radikale løsninger' er kun med til at skabe kynisme og fortvivlelse.«  Der har altid været dommedagsprofeter. Nu er der så endelig videnskabelig evidens for, at der er noget helt galt med jordens tilstand. Havde Klaus så regnet med, at der ikke ville være dommedagsprofeter?"
🙈🙉🙊
De runde haver i Nærum.  https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Runde_Haver
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10227108870126475&id=1198146614
👍👍👍😷
